                                      WHY FUZZY
                                                 Flove.org/fuzzy


INTRODUCTION
Reality is fuzzy because there is a need of uncertainity for this whole to be maintained (while evolving..)
as a stable system. Plurism is also mandatory and polarization is the easier way we can approach
meassuring it the better. A simple polarization is neither absolute, it scales as an orthogonality.


We think of ourselves as a being with a whole body that ends where our skin and expressses as a
representative block of all its parts. It is right to feel so, but each part of us also has a specific role, its own
perspective.

The better theory the more simplifiable apps, the better practice the more falsifiable theory

There is not much automated eased services for developing decentralized and rewarded the open-
free polysemy network for relations, ratings and definitions of words such Love andor else.

Everyone should be able to more easily-simply relating anything to anything else, further qualify
(rate…) and redefine that relation as (s)he wants and expect to get rewarded just because of the
adding of data and also because of other people added a further reward for doing what you may be
suggested to do.

The best descriptions are the more prescriptive ones. So get to define Acts (main-promoted Label)
up to initial specifications for miniapps spinoffs (i.e. Fuzzy Wise bundle, Dipedia, etc).

Find and own your web in the web & train your bot with Fuzzy (.)Flove, ()other

We should also be fostering analitical suggestions to compete for offering the more custom and
material rewards posible in exchange of following their suggestions. Customization will come from
your profiling allowing sharing your Fuzzy data for relating to other some specific data, specially
with other people’s data for trying to find better potential matches for you.

The more analog smaller sets the more conmutable the better stability for the same uncertainity



Proposal: Choose a word, choose an antonym, get them merged, see content fields for defining it
       1. Say any word, the more formally andor informally possible (KEYWORD).
       2. Find an antonym andor complementary for it (KEYPAIR)
       3. Merge & define them with WISE labels andor extend its family with ranks (KEYSET)
           Choose a Love related keyword. See an inviting phrase (formed with its related objects) to
           perform an action within it, Edit it, save and/or send it (to a friend, network) (KEYAPPS)



Privacy makes the momment more special for mining the lesser andso more own and better keywords

The more beautiful and powerful machinery you could feel the more alone with, will also require
you the lesser emergent words in you. The fewer words, the more important each, the lesser load to
analise if you decide to share them later with others (mates, some analisers andor public)
A demosntartive Game to play it with at least two people:

    1.   Get two words
    2.   People think about some another word related to them
    3.   When someone founds one, raises his-her hand (and don’t tell what’s that word)
    4.   When someone else finds another one, raises his-her hand too
    5.   Start a countdown for both telling their word at the same time
    6.   Do the same but related to those two words
Additional rules may be:

    1. End the game when there is a coincidence of words (either value andor punish that)
    2. Don’t let repeating the words already said, and request a reasonable link with the words said
       (eliminate participants who don’t)
    3. Require a(n icreasingly short) countdown for having to tell words
    4. Require expressing with labels (act, ..) & other channels (dance, face, ...)
    5. Pause rounds to get to define the words conjuncted within the group




FLAWS REVIEW
Uncertainity andbut a wholism possibility forces us to relate anything to everything else

The more dichotomy you deepen in, the more it is recalling to be interpreted merged. This seems
too simple, but its complexity is that it needs to be reminded, since we always evolve further variety
that distracts us further from the fundamental root, which is always simplifiable in two fuzzy poles.


FLAW AT LOGIC
Logic is Fuzzy but Fuzzy is too buzzy. Relationist Logic is better than Continuos Logic - Mereology
Relationism, Semantics, FuzzyLogic… remind us that Reality-Truth is always relative, plural and
bidirectional between us (our inner) and the outer. Every happening is real and carry its truth, but all
of them are within a wholist dynamic continuum where uncertainity needs to be preserved. So
discrete logic (absolute perpetual truth) doesn’t really exists, logic-truth can only be continuous.
Fuzzy logic represents that, it is the really the only possible and so more formal logic because it
takes into account (doesn’t pretend eliminating) uncertainity and subjectivity. But fuzzy logic is
rather underrated and bullied by «Formal logic(ians)» (Vanguardists of what is Real – Truth), as
shown by the avoiding of perspectivism (uncertainity within subjectivity) and by not considering
antagonist relationing as sources andor «a total of a rational length», calling these as oxymorons,
which is a bully naming that clearly exposes an appeal to authoritarian pitty fallacy.

Identity and non contradiction depends of the excluded middle (ab)use: A IsNot always B

Applying the excluded middle orthodoxia from Formal Logic cause the infering through StrawMan
and false dilemma fallacies. At every achademical field, this is specially being done at their
fundamental concepts. This causes rivalry between two theories in the field, represented by two
different words that are considered conflictive antonyms. Within this basis, the the two stands
produce more overcomplex (jargon) words, aiming this way to “feel more important” than some of
the other ones from the rival thesis or field specially.

Through this achademized rivalry trend, we are badly elitizing comprehension and research
accesibility by uglying naming conventions and difficulting relationing with other fields. Also,
definitions get much hard to be linked to practices (so they will produce less falisfiability for the
thoery...) because of those such high descriptive demands.
This trend tends to go assuming a more fatalist or rupturist perspective for its ultimate background
(firstly teleological) which will be directly reflected in the author’s own actual and more practical
intentions.

The simple way out of this trouble is simply merging the dichotomies sintactically, for example:
PsicoSocial: idealism vs materialism < idealist materialism...




HIGH SCIENCES FLAWS
Consensus is a fictional battle between straw (wo)men for clarifying epheremal primary poles

Words don’t mean (explain) anything by themselves. Words, as everything else, need uncertainity
for them (keep) being dynamic. We mean something with words by how we relate (link) any word
to other words. There are some words, and specially relations of words with other words that seem
very open to interpretation, others seem to be more easily consensuated, but indexes andor
consensus are just guidances, always open to be reviewed and improved. Polysemy is mandatory…

Subjectivity and uncetainity can’t be excluded. The equal sign is necesarily polysemic.

We browse our subjectivities with the outher objects (and viceversa). Numbers are the more
objectified objects we have available for that. We already have tools for searching the properties of
numbers themselves but we don’t have yet a tool for creating and analizing deeply the coincidences
of the relational properties of one number, word or else source with another. Same happens
(derivated of this) at physics when considering that fundamental particles properties can be gotten
beyond their relations with other particles.

For wholism being diverse it needs simplification both as departure and ultimate expressiON

This flaw comes from an interpretation of logic (truth…) that is further extended and more easily
seen in language with dictionaries interpreting (the thessaurus) antonyms as non-contained in the
described object (antiwholist excluded middle and non-contradiction laws orthodox interpretation).
instead of interpreting antonyms as acting as minimized poles of the refered object.

A point will cross. A centroid is to an inner boundary as PI is to its outer

Any object either singled, paired or more continuous should be reduced as an outer pole of the inner
subject expressing it-them, where the subject should also be subcategorized by his-her intentional
bonding expectatives, they fundamentally being their own declared intentions andor the hipothetical
teleological intention (s)he is betting for.




FLAW AT LINGUISTIC PLATFORMS
Fuzzy isn’t a good sounding word for the more Formal Logic but it is a cool one for an appy model
We can’t

* (Pluri)Relate, rate and redefine the item

* Merge two concepts for making a single item or define its link with conjunctions or sintactically

* (Pluri)Define (conjuncted) conjunctions

* (Pluri)Rate the oppositional andor complementarity degree (not only sinonimity) of a word

* Create new raters and use them to rate words within them

* (Pluri)Redefine using and creating epistemological labels to develop further prescriptability

Wiktionary:thesaurus doesn’t help Wikipedia integrating better categorization and criticisms

Thessaurus are offering dictionaries (&legalese..) negative antonyms and positive synonims and
bundles of related terms which are poorly and not further categorized.

Dictionaries then interpret the «antonyms of a word» with the (abuse of the) excluded middle
principle orthodoxia for making more formal short rethorics. Encyclopedias just extend dictionaries
flaws in a broader and more flexible and informal categorical & rethorical way.

Dictionaries and Encyclopedias are more or less formal depending the quality of their moderation
and not That much by their more or less quality of their semantical and or predicative logic sources.


AIs
AIs have their own advanced way of relationing. They offer a top down suggested content - action
related on probability – popularity of the content they analize and other tunnings you can add to
them. AIs match a probabilistic mommentum, even customize it to your profile, but it is you (the
user) who will keep feeding the relationalities of the AI through its varied mommentual bottom up
input.

For any new relation or else you could add, you could find AI suggestions that could help you
matching the willling of your mommentum. You should be able to tune them and you should also
care about how much near you would like to see these suggestions through your navigation -
mommentum.

The more free and estructuring expressions coming out from the uniqueness of your mommentum is
what can’t be substituted by any AI or linguistic platforms. This is probably not wished by linguistic
platforms (moderation bottlenecks), but it’s definetely wished by any AI.
PROPOSAL
Choose a word, choose an antonym, get them merged, see content fields for defining it




Fuzzy logic application referrals are not popularized nor broadened enough. Language is an
evolving tool, it has to be wide opened for producing better outcomes.

We need a better thessaurus for crowdsourcing the relations of words because not any proposed set
from anyone could fit all these needs (ex: Roget Hierarchies andor demo table below). Fully relying
on AIs for doing the Thesaurus job on their fly is not a sustainable idea either. The custom
topologies of humans are and will always be uniquely sharper in some way.
Everyone likes to play simple games with words. So Let’s feature bottom-up custom decentralized
semantic categorization and polisemy. Linguistic platforms, AIs, SEOs would all benefit from
robusting their sources too.


                            CALIFICACION SEMANTICA
  OIDO         Posicion
                            Inconocible    (Des)conocido Epistemologia
               Material
                            Abstracto      Concreto      (Meta)Fisica

  TACTO        Sensacion
                            Complementario Opuesto       Ontologia

               Presion
                            Intenso        Suave         Fisica

  VISTA        Jerarquia
                            Primaria       Secundaria    Axiologia

               Imagen
                            Formal         Informal      Estetica

  OLFATO       Enfoque
                            Positivo       Negativo      Politica

               Proximidad
                            Cercano        Lejano        Psicologia

               Longitud
                            Lejano         Cercano       Sociologia

  GUSTO        Inclusividad
                            Mas bien       Menos mal     Logica

               Exclusividad
                            Bien           Mal           Moral
From Dipedia to Apps:
     1. Say a word (KEYWORD).
     2. Find an antonym andor complementary for it (KEYPAIR)
     3. Merge & define it with WISE labels andor extend its family with ranks (KEYSET), i,e:

                        EJEMPLO DE TRANSVERSALIDAD
         METAFISICA                    Experimentacion                  Experienciada
         EPISTEMOLOGIA                 Desconocido                      Conocido
         COMUNICACION                  Subjetividad                     Objetivada
         SENSORIALIDAD                 Interaccion                      Observada
         ..                            ...                              ...



         NombreAdjetivado (Truco sintáctico para forzar Conjunción –
         intensidad)

        Un axioma introductorio (Estilo: llano, tecnico o gracioso)
            Una tabla con propiedades como hijos del título
        Explicacion de indicios, evidencias y debates existentes (acercamientos pasados, derivas-
        fallos excluyentes, etc) sobre el binomio y el axioma.
        (Otro axioma, continuacion y o de otro estilo complementario al primero, para separar
        secciones- narrativas sobre evidencias y o para acabar la retorica)
            Mas evidencias relacionadas con el subaxioma
            Parte mas técnico - concreta:
        Prediccion(es): A mas conocidas dicotomias, dilemas, paradojas y contradicciones, mas
        rápidas y mejores explicaciones encontraremos presentándolas como binomios.
        Propuesta(s): Modelar las prescripciones salientes de definiciones (de propuestas de
        hábitos a apps, etc)
        Reto(s): Medidores de actividad neurológica, fisiológica y o psicológica (incluso
        ambiental) para comprobar el mayor nivel de verdad y bienestar que hay en aplicar la
        logica de la inclusividad


    4. Choose a Love related keyword. See an inviting phrase (formed with its related objects) to
       perform an action within it, Edit it, save and/or send it (to a friend, network) (KEYAPPS)
                                  WHY KEYPAIRS
                            Our favourite words deserve better networks


PARADIGMATICAL ANALYSIS (OF CONJUNCTIONS)
For a more relationist philosophy, conjunctions as linguistic centroids …

Words, like numbers and pure math, are very little and seem quite catchable, but we have to remind
that they have to comply with the need of uncertainity (or uncompleteness) too, like atoms and else
does. When meassuring andor valueing with them we look for what we call properties or Paradigms
(big properties) of the words. But since the property will be in the object relationality and
conjunctions are what relate objects, so more accurately speaking: Conjunctions are what describes
the properties of the objects. Paradigms have a lot of conjunctivity.

Paradigm as an object with many (more than x...) likely relations with other objects

Even if reducting the meaning to very likely relations and having a lot of capability for analising them
(Machine Learning applied to the Big Data) such effort will remain struggling at the analysing of
conjunctions, where it-we will find the following limits to (in)finity:

How a rating minimises its antonym: a disjunctive conjunction displaying a deeper link fast(er)




PURER SEMANTICS
The more minimal ground the better stability for whatever is scaling up from it

While everything is uncertain, everything is capable of reflecting the whole too, then the smaller the
structure to scale at, the same uncertainity will be but more energy it could concentrate. Novelty is not
only coming through developing known complexities with a further ammount of words, novelty may
also and specially come through further simplifications of experiences that we are constantly
interacting and developing informally within our daily livings.

2 is the simplest certain and the more complex as well within our impossible oneness (because of
uncertainity...). All sets are reduceable to a bipole and to a triad as a scale of that, that displays its
further dynamism (of holisticity – hiperconnectivity).

Equilibring the more meaningful bipoles is the more key and win-win simplex option available
nearby for pursueing meaningfulness. So let’s focus in finding favourite pairs and get deeper in them.
From infinite to 2 & from 2 to infinity too. Value and infinity is in the middle of keypairs. Any
keypairs centroid is as infinite or more as or than any more populated multiverse.

A point will cross4, is 1 of the 2 dissipation lImits of a link. Centroid is to inner as pi to outer
KEYPAIRS
Formalizing bipolarization would make the best thessaurus and the more thrilling encyclopedias

Keypairs are greater than the keywords they contain. They are the ideal browsers for the unknwown
middleware.

The same we call keywords to meaningful words, we should call keypairs to meaningful (relations of)
pairs. Every relation is a pair, although it may not be a keypair. Meaningful relations (i.e. all
oppositional and favourites) are keypairs and potential keyraters for any other content else. They are
also keybinomials to endlessly redefine and relate childs to them.

How we relate words is very personal and depends on the mommentum too. But we can also feel our
keywords and entangled in some kind of (key)set.


Ratings and ranks
    1. Rate one word only once (a binomial and another word to compare to that can be suggested
       after that)
    2. Rate it twice but differently within the rater line (BiRating)
    3. Within a pair of words, (bi)rate one of them as compared to the other
       (oppositional relations can be directly turned into a rater)
    4. Rank and relate raters (make your default-favourite raters list)



Semantic qualifiers relate to Senses, so we should consider senses (and other
more inner channels) as MetaRaters because of their implicit hierarchy at nesting
(all the rest of scaled) raters.

Mathematical operators are also useful as raters. The more positive & more
negative is an obvious practical one, other operators may not be that much
intutitive but this is rather an opportunity more than a difficulty to play and know
words through them i.e. The Abstractness rater could relate to the Multiply
operator for one person, to Powering for another andor to the View or Right
Elbow for others… What (part of) Senses (andor other channels) do you relate
the division operator to?


Words dance even more at platonic solids vertexes

It’s primarily yin yan, not yan yin, but the more conmutable ranks, the more
ideal-key the set is.

Yin      Yan
Espíritu Alma
Alma Consciencia
Natural conmutativity implies relative hierarchies while linearity helps

Ranks are a type of Relational ratings. As more fundamental (higher ranked) a
set of keywords is, more complementarity each item has with each other (ranks
relativity is more emphasized), so the more they could exchange their position
andor rank.

Despite that higher relativity that apparently makes hierarchying less important,
hierarchical ordering of keywords is as similar and important (if not more) as to
find ideal mates for words, because the first appearing ones will be influencing
the following ones more obviously than the (an)other way round. Note here that
fundamental keypairs is what we will use as base analogy for bringing meaning
to whatever other keypair, ending this way in us as a zygot.

It’s key to have some keypairs because your more fundamental keypairs are the
translators of your outer unknown. The more stable relations for you is where
you better practice the other relations you are trying to know more. If we suceed
in estabilising so, the main definitions (i.e. Axiom) from an upper keypair could
more easily cross-apply to any other lower ones you may want to define but
have more difficulties in doing so.

In the other pole of things, one fails in the «correlation implies causation» fallacy
when relying too much in their own fundamentals for using them as an analogy
for explaining everything else. Everything is correlatable to anything else
(because holism), specially our favourite keypairs, but we have to keep evolving,
specially fundamentalities.

A triad is an example of how bipoles can scale and be viewed more dynamically

Within a bipole, there are only two ways to order their elements: AB, BA, where
both of them are perfectly right (ranks relativity). Within a triad there are more
ways to order it, that all of them are also perfectly right. For example, the 213 or
231 ways of ordering a triad matches with the viewing of the 2 (middled
element) as a link, source and or primarity of the other two, as in the confluent
middle (hoft knot – vessica piscis).

The more a set grows the more it explains itself but the harder it gets to
consensuate then. Despite and beyond consensus there could be, better is to
offer the set to anyone to reorder them as (s)he wishes while assuring them that
if their reordering choices don’t match with its shown – ideal order, it will only
mean that they are focusing in another complementary perspective of the same
reality that such set represents.

Neither Fundamentals mean Staticity specially

Fundamentals is a keyword for the premises that are considered higher ranked in
a theory. Expressing fundamentals (or principles…) is a useful thing to do
because they will permeate and show the possible depth while they can offer big
falsifiability for the theory.

Expressing fundamentals with pure axioming with word sets and sentences is
possible, but if your fundamentals are meant for a big scope, it’s prefered to
create some pure(r) math along, due to its power of simplification.

Everyone could have different keywords at different times for what their consider
«broadest-fundamental» and or «higher ranked «. The following lists below have
had that into consideration and have been made trying to balance different
aesthetics for those mommentums variance, which is the most difficult thing to
achieve, so anyone can finally also very easily disagree with them, which won’t
be a problem,

it is rather a step forward for transparenting and focus a possible debate about
updating them more easily.




DINAMISMO: RANGOS RELATIVOS
Un dia dices una cosa y otro dia dices la misma pero de otra manera...

           YINNAY
Lovely          Art
Artistic        Philosophy
Philosophical Science


           NEGRO
Mujer      Mas desconocido
Hombre Menos malo
EJEMPLOS:
Numerologia aplicada a genero (Poema 0, 1, -1 de Cesar Brandon)
Uno no quería contar con nadie y no entendía porque era impar, si antes de él había alguien
y sentía que después de él estaba el infinito. A uno, lo sempiterno le daba miedo, así que
uno muerto de pavor se fijo en cero. Cuando uno veía a cero, pensó que cero era el número
más bonito, y aunque viniendo antes que él, era mas entero que el todavía. Uno pensó que
en cero había encontrado el amor verdadero, que en cero había encontrado su par, así que
decidió ser sincero con cero, y decirle que aunque era un cero a la izquierda, sería el cero
que le daría valor y sentido a su vida. Eso de ser el primero ya no le iba, así que le dio a
cero una gran bienvenida. Juntos eran pura alegría y se completaban.
Pero uno no sabe lo que tiene hasta que no lo tiene, así que uno perdió a cero y, para
cuando uno se dio cuenta, cero ya contaba de la mano con menos uno, que a pesar de ser
algo negativo, parecido a cero, le trataba como a una reina. A cero le gustaba que a menos
uno a uno le fuera original, tener un hueco mas con el que jugar. Cero le gustaba que
menos uno no fuese uno más, que menos uno no fuese ordinal, pero sentía que, a
diferencia de uno, menos uno si la trataba como un número de verdad. Menos uno no ponía
peros ni pretendría darle valor a cero poniendo comas entre ellos. Menos uno no tenía
complejos, y cuando hacían el amor, a menos uno le encantaba estar bajo cero, y uno
volvía a quedarse solo, separado como una unidad. Sin cero, su vida se consumía como
una vela. Sin cero, el tiempo de él hacía mella, y uno empezó a contar sin cero, y se olvidó
de los besos de cero, del sexo con cero, de los celos de cero. Uno se olvidó de cero y le
dijo adiós, se olvidó de cero y tal vez hasta del amor, y empezó a contar, hacia lo que más
miedo le daba, hasta el infinito, o tal vez, solo hasta dos (mas ello).


01&10 (Thrown&Hold and or Viceversa)
0 would be hold and 1 would be throw, based on the logic that hold is 0 action or static, and
throwing is all action, or 1. If it was Throw as in "throw away" vs. Hold as in "keep", I would
say that throwing something away is a more dramatic, potentially irrecoverable action, while
hanging onto something is the more passive, status quo situation.
You could also reason that the value is how many you have, and if you throw it, you have 0,
if you hold it, you have 1. Like when specifying or writing code, where the vars and values
are done in the order presented, so [0,1] for [throw, hold], would result in 0=throw, 1=hold.
Both views can be interpreted within Perceptual Control Theory as: 0ThrownHold1
One could also and or rather say: 1ThrownHold0
Because naturally-rigourously, Hold has to be 0, but that does not imply to have to start
counting from 0. We can start counting from 1 backwards.. since 1 needs 0, any of the two,
both can be begineers-centers, so any unit, out of two relative units, should be able to be
described from at least two perspectives: forward & backwards. This dynamic reaches up to
the values of language semantics.


A mas abstracta la triada mas dinamica es
Cuando elegimos un concepto compuesto con palabras muy complementarias y o muy
abstractas, vemos que variando la posición de los conceptos, e incluso modificando algún
opuesto, los títulos resultantes siguen siendo muy sinónimamente equivalentes a la vez que
diversos. Por ejemplo:
Inestavel Abstraçao do Tempo
Tempo Abstracto Inestavel
Abstraçao Inestavel Temporal
Estavel Concreçao Atemporal
...



ARQUETIPOS TRIÁDICOS
              Consistent Explain             Accept
        0 1 +                ++              +++
 Fem    1 2 ++               +++             +
 Male 2 3 +++            +         ++
Hay un stress porqué también esdos: Primariedad1 desea a 0 y secundariedad2 curiosa
viene de 3




EL CENTROIDE CONFLUIDO
                FLUYE →           ← CONFLUYE          ← INFLUYE
                                  → A+c-b=0
                MENTE             Organismo           Cuerpo
                Alma              MENTE               Cuerpo
                Espiritu          Alma                MENTE


Genetica        ADN               MENTECuerpo         ARN
Evolucion       Variacion         Especie             Adaptacion


Sintaxis        Sujeto            Verbo               Objeto
Perspectiva Subjetividad Opinion                      Objetividad
Racional        Personal          Local               Social
                Psicologia        Politica            Sociologia


Economia        Extraccion        Manufactura         Servicio
                Regalo            Prestamo            Intercambio


Natural conmutativity implies relative hierarchies while linearity helps.

All triads can be ranked in all their possible conmutable ways. Los rangos sirven para
extraer matices varios mediante el contraste de el con otros ordenes escogidos.
2.1. Linear (natural): Universal → Natural → Observacional
Este orden es mas natural (linear) porque lo desconocido (universo) es primario. La
Naturaleza aqui es lo positivista (algo calculable) en ello y la biologia se relaciona facil con
el necesario prisma de observacion de todo ello.
Test: Aunque la observacion es lo aparentemente menos importante, es lo necesario final
para que sus otros compañeros más grandes y más primarios puedan existir. Una
simplificacion equivalente a una complejidad aparentemente mayor.


2.2. Complementario (retrogrado): Observacional → Natural → Universal


2.3. Confluente (simultaneo):
Universal → Natural ← Biologico
Biologico → Natural ← Universal
En las dos primarias vistas de triadas linear y complementaria, “naturaleza” se mantiene
segundo en ambas, lo que da lugar a la vision confluente tomando al 2 como centro.
Test: Ambos procesos ocurren en el momento, simultaneamente en un proceso retrógrado
donde cuando estos dos se cruzan-encuentran se forma cada cosa natural que vemos.
Ver mas: Natural → Observacional ← Universal




BIMORFISMOS EN TRIADAS
La feminidad 2 ve 2 listas de 2 donde ella es el 2 (2+1)+(2+3) (Ella 2 usa lo externo para
verse mas el cuerpo que no se ve, simúltaneamente se compara con el 1 y con el 3)
La masculinidad 3 ve una lista de 3 donde el es el 3 (Yo+2) (El se ve tanto el cuerpo que no
lo cuenta, y coge al 2 para al verse junto a el, ver al 1 que les hace de par que no ve)
La feminidad le cuesta verse y le cuesta ver cual de los dos (el 1 o el 3) es su mayor
complementariedad (la masculinidad le es igual de confusa que su inconocible que bien
siente). La energía femenina se siente mejor en una diada, porqué se siente cómoda en el
resultante difuso de verse como primaria en dos diadas diferentes a la vez cuando ella está
en una triada. Ella tiende a polarizarse en solo dos porque así es mas primaria que si fuera
la lideresa de 3.
A la feminidad en la triada le cuesta explicarse mas porqué está viendo 2 pareados donde
ella es centro de ambos. No llega a ver una lista 3… si dos de dos…
Hacia un lado está la mas desconocida inconocible vida que ella puede intuir mas en sus
adentros aunque sea mas dificil, hacia el otro está la su masculinidad que puede ver mas
facil pero que le resulta mas extraña su presencia, aunque a ella bien sepa que la
masculinidad sea un derivado la feminidad. Es por esa falta de integración de su
masculinidad, que le cuesta verse a si misma precísamente, por muy primaria que sea...
La masculinidad en cambio solo mira hacia la feminidad y al mirarla se imagina a lo
inconocible que tanto le cuesta tanto de ver. En compensación, a la masculinidad no le
cuesta verse a si misma y tiende a verse mas cómoda en una triada. A la percepción
masculina la triada (1, 2, 3) le es fácil de entender, aunque también le acarrea un reto de
asumir de que no dispone de tanta primariedad, ya que si ya en la diada es el segundo(n),
en la triada sigue siendo el último o encima ni secundario sino ya terciario!. A pesar de y o
por ello, la percepcion de mayor “acabador” le compensa con el no desconocer tanto su rol
en la iniciación.




OPPOSITION AND COMPLEMENTARITY
We can propose two main types of Keypairs:


Pole: Opposite: The most Antonym

Couple: Complementary: The more Complementaries (aproximately around half Synonim and lesser
antonim hopefully)

We call art to some communication that better manages constrasts between them.

Ideal opposition and perfect complementarity are imposible to achieve but very worth approaching

There has to be at least a 51% of uncertainity. The uncertainity will be located in the micro of the
macro we are more focusing on, since we can easily see any expression as a macro of something is
being microed.

The macroCustomized pole that microMinimizes its other with its easy polarizer «OR»

Oppositional relating makes it easy and wide to macro - concentrate – reflect most of the
mommentual energy in one pole. Oppositional relating expresses an emphatized way of rating -
ranking: I.e. A is the best - in the top rank, while B (opposite) is in a lower/est rank.

When we apply opposition relationing we more directly connect with our very basic fight or flight
biological mechanism: Oppose (figth) and or ignore (flight), the smartest at short term responses.
Similarly, we could say that the “Excluded middle application occupies-exclusivizes a Pauli space”.

Opposition is just a default high intensity for polarization. An antonym could either mean polar andor
opposed, as you wish to perspectivize it. Antonimity is popularly used as the primary parameter for
meaning making because is the relationing type that more quickly polarizes, it quickly either displays
both discrete (finitude in the set) and a big space in an even more discrete space in the middle of both
poles, specially when you approach their conjunction, something that formalism forbids doing so
(flaw!).

Antagonists need to be colder because they are short termers and complementaries hotter

We give importance to things by rating them, normally comparing that rating to how far are their
opposite ratings to them. Oppositional relations are not the only possible raters and keypairs.
Favourite (key)words relations can also be used as (multi)raters and keypairs, without showing their
opposites there, although they will still be included there (more minimized because not that obviously
displayed there).

Oppositions could be more or less intense. The more intense oppositions will be just a few, easy to
find and to agree to them too. There could be more complementarities than oppositions andbut key
complementarities will be more difficult to find and they will also be more open and biased.

Liking more some things-words instead of others, and so we rank them, but ranks just (apparently)
magnify upper-primary poles. Varying the types of rankings further minimizes the oppositioning
relationing (stress finally).

Fight the flight of your custom men of straw to be hijacking you to make you less spoiled

Opposition as an extension of the rupturist polarity of compatibilism:

Polarity           Opposition     Complementarity
Compatibilism      Rupture        Continuum


INTEGRATIVE          RUPTURE
Lejano               Opuesto
Compañia             Rival
Unido                Adversario
Fundido              Enemigo
Minimización         Eliminacion
Inclusion            Exclusion
Complementario       Contrario
Polaridad            Contrariedad
Relacion             Contradiccion
Coincidencia         Paradoja
Confluencia          Dilema
Simultaneidad        Dicotomia
Relatividad          Dualidad
Binomio              Diada
Bipolo               Dipolo
Par
Pareja
Nexo



Semantics            Antonym
Logic                Contradiction
Psychology           Dislike
Morals               Worse
Informal law          Sin
Formal law            Crime
Military              War



OPPOSITION DEGREES AND EMOTIONAL DEPTHS
Opposition decreases more by minimizing it than by pretending eliminating it

When we declare a single object, there will always be (beyond our subjectivity and uncertainity) its
oppositional referrer along it (the antiobject, similarly to what antiparticles are for particles)
regardless of we feeling-declaring more or less how we fight that flight...

OR is the main type of ANDs. The minus sign is an additional operator. An antonym is a disjunctive
conjunction. Elimination5, Exclusion4, Omision3, Minimization2, Micro1… are aesthetical choices
for degrees of polarization, which normally work oppositely as pretended... . The more humbly you
are for giving less attention to one of the poles, the more you achieve so. Saying B is the opposite of
A doesn’t mean that B is not included at all in A. B will rather be specially very much included in A as
more B will be used to describe A.


MOMMENTUAL POLARIZER BIAS
Contradicting someone else as a tactical fast spacetime widener through fast problem solving tests


                                              EMOTION
                            SHORT                     MID                        LONG
OPPOSITION                  AA                        -A                         --
COMPLEMENT                  A-                        A                          AA


The Mommentual polarizer bias trick is to say that there is not match at all between you both for the
external meaning of something, while the match is happening more broadly in the inner emotion of
the present common and longer distance being experienced, because the oppositing of a meaning of a
word to another, specially expressed to someone else directly, in the other more hidden side of
happenings, replicates a space&time in that momment that is more wished by both because it is:

1. Bigger external (big picture very obvious & close with a very universal rater available)

2. Deeper internal (big posible initial distance, with also big closeness potential if parts rather agree)

Strategy for analising capability for acting in case of an emergency andor for the looking for joy


& CONFLUENTIAL WILL
You can’t say it’s a wrong note up to you play the following note – Miles Davis

When we rather focus the conversation fully for-from the “confluential will” (the lesser - other more
polar perspective of the “mommentual polarizer bias”) we can be over redundant, so we will be
uninteresting because we will not be causing any spacetime to widen by being too complementary –
synonim – confluential.

Every opposition, if evolved with lesser coertion, very easily becomes art, laughter, enlightment, .…

Opposition - contradiction is normally just the fast way to quickly display a big total possible length,
also for a later finding of a confluential patch to it. With this way of fictionally acting as throwing a
stone away for later going to go to pick it up, we both show either our great hability of experiencing
something more far away and our capability for a later reliable filling of a gap andor attending of an
emergency… .




OPPOSITIONAL KEYPAIRS: CONJUNCTED ANTONYMS:                       WHY DIPEDIA
For positivizing looks better and easier to add andor multiply two numbers than multiply two
negatives but this second option adds more magic to the operation.

Disjunction is a big degree of uncertain similarity in a conjunction

We can see how much complementary are arguments within many debates that rather seem not. We
may rather want to bring more peace to the world by we all seeing and taking the road to the polarities
centroids, andbut we haven’t develop enough tools for deeper dealing with conjuncted antagonists.
Despite having their own degrees, the more antagonistic relations, when conjuncted (also called
oxymorons then) more they bring an intense middle, hence all of these are key pairs. Just dare testing
it by conjuncting your more redundant Opposition-Contrarieties-Antagonisms-Dichotomies-
Dualisms-Paradoxs (Noun-Noun) into equilibred (merged-complementary) Bipoles
(AdjectivedNoun).

Kids, philosophers, artists, poets and fun lovers extend the degreeing of oxymoronia

Antonyms are very easy to find and when we conjunct them they produce the deepest definitions.
They display a total possible rational length to infinitely explore within the more minimal set. Adding
two different rates within the same oppositional rater is a very normal doing: I like you because of X
and i dislike you because of Z) although we don’t have platforms implementing that very much
comfortably anywhere. We still consider antonyms conjunctions as impossibles andor absurd, calling
it an Oxymoron.
Oxymorons are either useful for a big trivial andor the most formal experiences. This possible poling
of big absurdity and wisdom is already oxymoronic…. which should be proof enough of their
fundamental importance… .
Oxymoron, more in fact, is a sophisticated word normally meant to negatively and extremely
ridiculize a supposed contradiction (authoritarian appeal to pitty fallacy). With the word
"Oppositional Keypair" we could avoid to use the word Oxymoron for propositivistic purposes, but it
is rather better to keep Oxymoron as a synonim of it because it’s a very well known word already and
also because its phonemics awake some fun in us the ones that don’s hate their conjunction, which is a
positive thing to trigger in the search for novelties. FoxyHolon is yet a more provocative synonim
while more explicative too, although too provocative perhaps... .
COMPLEMENTARY KEYPAIRS:             WHY SYMBIONIMS
The more analog smaller sets the more conmutable, the better stability for the same uncertainity

All other ways for relating objects besides opposition are done by the slower, medium-long term
strategy of Complementarity, knowingly that is still a minimization of the primary oppositional
complementary trend – pole of it.

The Similarity paradigm at Semantics rather needs childing two other poles instead of it being the
Unique Begineer (Similarity) and main pole child (Synonim) at the same time. Within Similarity,
Complementary Symbionim is a better pole for Oppositional Antonym than the redundant Similar
Synonim. For words, Synonims are Siblings while Symbionims are their Couples.

Symbionimity refer to peaks at complementary – non oppositional pairings. Complementarity is a
better polarization for Opposition than Similarity, and it’s also more dynamic than it.

A favorite pairing in hand is better than a hundred relationships flying

There are words that we use more than others as the best groupers of meaning or as the most
complementary to others. This status depends very much on the subject interpreting it because not
everyone will agree to what their favourite words are.

We will know when we have reached that critical level of conglomerate significance the more the
proposed ‘relation’ is turned into a binomial that is having explanatory enough as monism, a holistic
representative with which you can easily draw analogies with any other binomial. It should then be
useful for approaching the understanding of other less known binomials.

There are some of these complementary couplings that we already use very much (Timed Space, True
Love, etc) andbut many more of them are to be found and enjoyed.

Pocos pareados pero muy conocidos causan masjores analogias con lo desconocido. Conoce un
pareado mejor al analogizarlo con otro pareado que sientas mas reconocible. Conoce el concepto que
no entiendas del primer par, conociendo mas al compañero del segundo. Ejemplo:

Amor        Miedo
Verdadero Falso


1. Si sientes miedo, mas verdad te ayudará tanto o mas que mas amor,

2. Falsea el miedo. Teme a la falsedad.

3. Formar un binomio doble con dos opuestos: Amor verdadero con miedo falseado

4. Decrece la oposición añadiendole grados de intensidad menores a Miedo: Nada, Vacio, Enigma…
Experiment: Keywords from Humour /           Playing theories
                     ANALOGIZAR
PROBAR                COMPARAR           CATEGORIZAR
Tension               Distension         Incerteza
Desconocido           Conocido           Verdad


Ficcion               Imposible          Valor
Sueño                 Sentido            Limite


Variacion             Contraste          Sorpresa
Obstaculo             Riesgo             Audacia


Juego                 Diversion          Entusiasmo
Extroversion          Alegria            Beneficio
Humor                 Risa               Felicidad


Aguante               Lealtad            Confianza
Limitacion            Respeto            Norma
Rito                  Ritmo              Solemnidad



(IN)EVOLUCION DE LOS PARADIGMAS DE LA COMPLEMENTARIEDAD: HACIA AMOR
Dentro de la significancia, semantica evolutiva optimiza ambivalencia.

La palabra Amor es la mas intensa de todas las palabras, por ser la que mas se puede llegar a definir y
puede contener a (relación fácil con) las mas y mas intensas de todas las posibles otras. Nos parece
mas grande el Amor que el Bien porqué Amor es mas abstracto que Bien y con ello conseguimos mas
flexibilidad a la hora de comunicar con el y también porqué es mas concreto que Yin. Amor mejora el
(des)conocimiento de lo malefico del bien que hay en el.

Bipolarización y analisis linear de las palabras mas usadas como paradigmas mas generalistas:

Metafísica               Yin                  naY                    Sutil               Vacio
Filosofia                Esencia              sustancial             Profundo            Agobio
Fideismo                 Pureza               depurada               Implicado           Cinismo
Racionalidad             Positividad          negativizada           Superficial         Hipocresia
Moral                    Bien                 malefico               Emocional           Sadismo
PsicoSocial              Amor                 verdadero              Cercano             Indolencia
WHY PERSPECTIVES
Subject… perspective... bias... intention… = 25% of perception, 25% of polarity and 50% of unknown

Every declaration is just a partial perspective of such reality,
andso it's hiding some polarities of itself. We can openly
declare our perspective andor research about what we have
been missing after.
This page justifies and showcases some keypairs (labelled as
"perspectives") that could be very easily seen as underlying
whatever declaration.




Every declaration is just a partial perspective of a reality, andso it's hiding some polarities of itself.
There is something else present underneath of what we say, so we are constantly feeling the need to
fill the minimized polarities that have been left apart in what has been just expressed by ourselves
andor by other near ones. That’s why many times, we will surely add emotionality to an input that we
have considered too rational at some point… andor even our mate could complain to us that (s)he
wasn’t meant to be as rational as you indirectly meant (s)he was…
We can openly declare our perspective andor research about what we have been missing after. We can
relate-rate anything to-with something before, after further defining it andor not relating-rating at all
and go straight to define it with rethorics. If we relate-rate it before, it will influence the following
definition, hence it is worth to call those relates-rates as perspectives. Also, such relate-rate will have
its hidden polarity.
One can perspectivize with whatever relates or raters. However, there will be some key categories that
match better this purpose of perspectivizing-framing (rating-relating in advance).



INTENTIONS
We can't avoid subjectivity nor fully define it because uncertainity also applies to it, hence we better
call it bias andor more accurately said: Aprioristic intention.


INTENTION
Direct A priori       Declared
Indirect A posteriori Analised
If we decide to openly declare our perspective - intention, we will be anyway hiding something else
very complementary in the underlying energy of what we more superficially express
If we rather decide not to tell anything about our a prioristic perspective, we will anyway be able to
find it within the declared information by analizing that information aposteriori. I.e. Any indirect
suggestion that exagerates its indirectness becomes a bit more direct in a side than if the same
information was rather told more directly.



COMPATIBILIST TELEOLOGIES
Mayor percepcion de mas benevolente acompañamiento tambien lejano y engaño
The first polarity of our freest intentions would be an hypothetical determinism underlying them.
Thereafter fif we do a step forward from the theological What into the teleological Whys, we can
more easily can tie-pole the original intention for creation of all the universe with our own closer and
actual intentions, as by superdeterminism: God(ess) initial intention could be plural as ours are
nowadays. This hasn't been falsified and brings the biggest compatibilism possible falsifiabilty.
See more: flove.org/simplex - teleologies



DIMORPHISM
Primarity is real because of this game: Tell 2 words (when first word is said, the game suddenly
ends…) but despite first, very primer and intense that something is, it's only a 50% of a something

Women evidence a lot of natural gifts of primarity (embriology...) and we men are very ready to
secondarize that, while everyone sees him-herself and his-her gender as primary over the other.
Deepening directly in dimorphism helps us seeing our own gifts and other parts (i.e. the 50% of our
feminity energy as men and viceversa) and leverages the stress of having to rely in good or bad.
For example, specially for male expressing our pseudoprimarity-femenine energy: Abstract more the
form, always primarize the amorphous, Use the perspective of a Cat, Blondie, ...




CHANNELS
We think of ourselves as a being with a whole body that ends where our skin and expressses as a
representative block of all its parts. It is right to feel so, but each part of us also has a specific role,
with its own biases too. We can convert the part into an own subject. In the same way, we can put
ourselves (andor any anatomical part of ourselves) as if we were in our own past of our own actual
body andor in the body perspective of other beings (closer or more distant).


TIME
Past               Future
Neurosis           Psicosis
Short Term         Long Term
Conservative       Progresist
(IN)FORMALITY: FICTION, TRIVIAL AND RANDOM




Every novelty had to be a fiction in someone’s mind consensus before turning it available to others
The fictional grounds we co-live with and develop (words as an extended part of that) allow us to
have a more relaxed space for avoiding possible damages (that fictional tests minimize...) to novelties
to be later implemented more for real or not.


We trivialize for another formality that we hide not being so heavy
Banality - Triviality is necessary while too much of it is also dumbing us more than necessary... . A
more directly trivial intention could help us more in evidencing something important than through a
formal intention.
Any expressed thing which is apparently trivial is serving us as much as we more directly intend it
being the more trivial. Triviality has an underlying hidden precious link with something else we are
more really valueing but we aren’t so confident yet to know it andor express it with a more formal
way. Within the topological complexity of such link is maybe where there should be the most
interesting information.
Select (pseudo)random, in the better structure
As trivial has its background, every random has an underlaying order. In fact, a certain degree of
random selection is a basic strategy evidenced at game theory. We can build the most analytical and
predictive system, but triviality and random will still be there magnifying sinchronicity &
mommentual magic.
Example Case: WhiteSnow is as much or less meaningful than ColdSnow . Similarly, BlackSnow will
be a limiting axyomoron, but HotSnow would be a more meaningful axyomoronic pair to define.
These words seem quite meaningless because they have little prescriptivity, so they don’t add depth or
novelty. BUT... these examples will bring higher meaning when identifying what is the more real
thing that who proposes them is more really trying representing underneath of-through them. More
formally said: Why anyone uses What sort of which Buzzy formal hypes andor informalities for
hiding which more real intentions there?


Lo pospondré banalizándolo como superficial mientras intuya que aún no puedo tolerar tal
profundidad propuesta. Parrafeo lo paraguapo que aun no me atrevo a convertir en hijo, verso, tabla
y o diagrama..
EPISTEMOLOGY: DESCRIPTION AND PRESCRIPTION: WHY WISE LABELS
Practices are the better (deeper) way to define something – extend its falsifiability. Better
the description, easier to prescribe (up to interactions in applications)

Evidence      Act
Axiom         Proposal
Prediction Challenge


Prescribers can be bipolar, i.e. There are some practices that are very worthly
recommended to be done just occasionally (Actions), while others more regularly
(Habits).




SUGGESTIVE PRESCRIPTIONS
There is the edgy arena of AIs suggestions of prescriptions. Here, Ais could help as a safekeeper of
the involved people’s privacies. An AI, as yet one more “org”, could be blamed for bad functioning if
the act of love you do to someone else (for getting a reward from an AI) is unwished by the recipient.
Note additionally that AIs will compete for not causing this kind of troubles and that such rewards
could even be shared by doer and recipient by giving a levy to the original suggestor of the proposed
action, the AIs in this case, for having further credit for suggesting further rewards to others precisely.




ADVANCED LABELS: CHANNELS: KINESIA
We have an ontological problem when we identify «body language» (kinesics) as
«non-verbal non-natural language», because we are giving to «verbal» more
importance than what is more purely corporal, when more in fact there is much
more valuable information and more possible originalities and dialects of body
and dance than possible expressions with what is verbalized or written. Just as
music is not only generated by the instruments and harmony is not dictated by
just a theory, let’s see Dance not only as the most achademic or popular dances
and coreographies, but as the art (and/or quality) of body language.

All verbal communication expresses some quantity and quality of body language.
Dance, quality-body art. That we can refine it a little more with: How much do
your verbs dance? Dance some verbs, let’s see…
A body language seems more dance-artistic to us when it best imitates an
animal in its moment of greatest communicative intensity (See more: Patricia
Cardona, The dramaturgy of the dancer).




(UN)CERTAINITIES: Flove Fuzzy Wise Demonstration


       Certainities compensate constant uncertainity, more of any disturbs and too much kills


INCERTIDUMBRE SENSORIAL: INTERACCION OBSERVADA
Iteración a través de una longitud
Podemos medir una cosa externa, incluso una función biologica mas interna a nivel molecular pero
siempre nos faltará parte de medida propia nuestra en ello (aunque estemos midiendo nuestro cuerpo).
Por mucho que profundicemos, vamos a acabar por definir todo lo que pasa en nuestro cuerpo
mediante lo que llamamos nuestros sentidos.
Para medir lo sensorial finálmente nos amparamos en la vista. Las medidas de la vista repesentan a
los 5 sentidos, los 5 sentidos representan al sistema nervioso, el sistema nervioso representa a los
otros 10 sistemas, ...


VISION PIXELADA
Queremos ver las imágenes que nos ayuden a conectar -tocar- tanto, como en los mejores sueños
Las células no tienen Vista y observan. Las personas ciegas o los murciélagos tampoco ven y
sobreviven con bastante soltura para el gran impedimento que tienen. Nuestra vista no es mejor que la
del águila, ni tan flexible como la del camaleón. Lo que mas le importa a nuestra vista son las
imagenes imaginadas. Con ellas interactua con lo desconocido mediante una videocámara interna
donde usa su zoom obturador adaptado del aguila para ir mas rapido de una imagen imaginada a otra
o mas al fondo de una misma. También usamos la perspectiva visual del camaleón y la amplitud de
muchos peces para ver esas ideas ampliadas y remirarlas desde varios flancos.
Los pixels silicios4 son la unidad basica de un tipo de lenguaje binario que siempre estuvo ahí afuera
disponible con el que nuestro cerebro carbónico4 es ahora capaz de dialogar. El camaleón o el águila,
como los perros y los gatos, si pueden interpretar píxeles en una pantalla de plasma… pero aunque
puedan, van a ignorar, huir o atacar las imágenes proyectadas en ella.



TACTO VISUAL
Al imaginar, nos proyectamos imitando tocar algo que queremos tocar mejor. Los ojos son la micro
membrana blanda de la macro piel dura que interactua con lo que nos tocavé...
Una idea entra por la vista nerviosa, te toca mucho, hasta te penetra. Todo diseñador grafico quiere
penetrarte bastante. Los simbolos tienen que referirse a alguna experiencia sensorial, que toque, que
provean al sentido del tacto mas endocrino mediante la vista.

Agencia         presencial
Tacto           visual
Endocrino       nervioso




LA INMEDIBILIDAD DE LOS SENTIDOS
Pico orgásmico tactual de imaginador(a) con mucha piel desnuda y manos mas sensibles y fuertes
Lo captado por los sentidos no se transmite al cerebro en cola uno despues del otro. La sensorialidad
es multimodal, donde cada nueva synapsis representa a algo que pasa en todos los demás sistemas y
canales.
La clasica lista de lo olido, escuchado, saboreado, tocado y visto sigue siendo la referente pero sus
ordenes se pueden ver variados, estan muy interralacionados, aparte de la incerteza comun habida en
cada sentido.
Si de los 5 hay que elegir a uno como primordial, se suele poner en ese lugar a la vista por mejor
medidor (tipico de la ciencia). Para poner el foco sobre la inmedibilidad se propondrá al Tacto por ser
capaz de ser buen agrupador de los candidatos a otros sentidos: Somatosensorialidad y kinesia, el
equilibrio – posicionamiento (secuestrado al oido interno), el hambre (secuestrado del gusto...).
Pero el mejor candidato a centroide es el oido, por la resonancia ser materia primaria fisica. Que
nanotecnologicas desarrolla El oido interno, aparato olfatorio secundario, lengua inferior?
5Sentidos, 7Glandulas, 11Sistemas, 13Articulaciones, ...Kinestesia, kinetica, sinestesia.
Al buscar mis ojos con los ojos cerrados son los de mi nariz, me lo huelo. Y si apagas los ojos y
pensares y flotaras que ni el aire sientieras, lo que mas tacto siente seria la lengua.

Combinacion sensorial: Tacto, vista y oido:
The Corticothalamic Neural Network (CTNN, Relation of the neocortex to the thalamus) is input
type agnostic and multi-modal: It can accept as inputs various types including auditory, visual and
somatosensory, can process multiple input types simultaneously, combining them to an emergent
realization. The CTNN computational model demonstrated:
1. High processing efficiency when processing sequences of sequentially similar inputs (e.g.
images), simulating how autonomous behaviour may arise. Thalamus-inspired architecture reduces
overall computational requirement proportional to the number of sequential repetitions in the dataset.
2. High degree of robustness when there was partial occlusion of one or more sensory input.
Resolution of temporal gaps:
1st: Hearing 2.5 ms
2nd: Haptic / Touch : 5 ms
3rd: Vision : 10-15 ms for cones, 100 ms for rods
Deep Corticothalamic Neural Network should be further investigated. One hint as a review: All
memories have emotional tags attached to them, and this plays a key role in human mental life,
enabling our predictions based on those memories to have a significant directional quality. The
affective systems in the brain provide supervision of learning by being what Gerald Edelman calls a
‘value system’ Neural Darwinism: The theory of neuronal group selection. -All you need is flove!
INCERTIDUMBRE HOLISTA ANTROPOMORFIZADA
La materia (des)conoce mas para parcializar el mayor posible vacio existencial, el de la
Unidad

             Destina           Dios                   Nos
Destina      (Des)Conocido     Conocido               Inconocible
Dios         Inconocible       (Des)Conocido          Conocido
 Nos        Inconocible       Inconocible       (Des)Conocido
De la relación de la amorfa inconocible con el Todo (des)conocido emanamos los
(des)conocibles
Ella, para conocer hasta cuanto podria llegar a ser deseada, consiguió llegar a
desconocerse desconociendonos, para así poder sentirse en lo Dios (que no la verá)
conociéndo de nos el como nos intentamos verlo a El y o a Ella (que no los vemos),
Si, como en los sueños, acabas de llegar a un sitio desconocido que no es del todo malo
porqué aunque sea tenebroso nunca te llega a matar ni a dañardnemasiado, agradécelo!



                                BITHEISMS
CULTURE             Femenine          Masculine            TOTEM
Paleolitic          Venus             GrandMom             Goddess&Women
Vedic               Shiva             Shakti               BiGods&Else
Ancient Summer Anu                    Marduk               BiGods&BiMessiahs
Babylon             Enki              Enlil                BiMessiahs
Egipt               Rah               Toth                 God(s)&Emperor
Judaism             YHYH              Abraham              God&OncomingMessia
                                                           h
Christianism        Father&Spirit     Jesus                BiGod&Messiah
Islamism            God               Mohammed             God&LastMessiah
Flove               Destina           Endiosada            BiGods




                       TRITHEISMS
             Messiah EmperoGod                IGod
Christian Gnostic       Catholic              Protestant
Islam        Sufi       Chii                  Suni
INCERTIDUMBRE EPISTÉMICA
Discreción probabilística
Mas o menos claridad difusa es pseudoigual a Mas
probablidad de Verdad > Verdad absoluta – discreta...

Bayes theorem is what justifies Probability, and sttistics,
which can be very easily biased, as when the trend of
absolute relativism is used for justifying atrocities. Bad
things happen because always happened, but evolution
has demonstrated that not all nor most of them are
sustainable, since they don’t add on the further diversity
displays that determinism has set. In a more formal way,
see this following flaw within probabilistic logic:
Prior distributions rely in some causal evolution
(Compatibilism needs to be fundamental in it...)
Gain function is also subjective and depends on Nash
equilibrium...
For the Least cost if choice is in error, See: Hanlon Razor




Fascinating exceptionality
A mayor novedad, mas dificil de aceptar y o comunicar

Prediction: Life crossroads should look like equivalently more fascinating and strange
Propuesta: Mas verdad (dinamismo) si mas casi-absurdamente posible y
excepcionalmente probable
Challenge: How many exceptions can be fitted in the rule more possibly simplified?




Sextuple enigma
1. Los dominios: el inconocible, lo desconocido y lo supuestamente conocido
2. Los enlaces: Dos entre los tres nodos mas el centroide de todos ellos (que seria lo
conocido)




Realidad ficticia

La realidad ficticia es una mejor vivencia y verdad que la realidad sin ficción o la ficcion sin realidad

                REAL                      FICTION
Posible         Unprobable Probable Impossible
Unknowable (Un)known Thruth            Absurd
Infalsifiable   Falsifiable   Falsified Exception




                REALLY NATURAL                           FICTION
Infalsifiable evidence Falsiable     Falsified fact    Exception
Lovely Unknowable       (Un)known Bad thruth           Absurd
Posible horizon         Probable     Unprobable even   Impossible
                      REAL                            FICTION
 Infalsifiable     Falsiable       Falsified         Exception
 Unknowable        (Un)known       Thruth            Absurd
 Posible           Probable        Unprobable        Impossible
                 BI                    (PR)OPOSITION
 Fideist           empiricism Fuzzy                  logic
 Caused            effect          Inclusive         exclusivity
 Paradigmatic      struggle        Complementary opposition

 Propuesta: Nevermind if our bodies are fictional or real, that is a question for the source we imitate
 Challenge: Study cases where reading rights about the use of a thing are peaker than using the thing




RELATOS SOBRE LA INCERTIDUMBRE

Poetico – Emocional breve
Lo (des)conocido stressa tanto cuanto menos se acepta lo inconocible. En el fondo puedes estar
muy tranquilo: no (des)conoceras demasiado, lo inconocible lo estabilizará. Para mejora la dura
convivencia con la creciente sensacion llamada vacio, deliremos: Toca rellenarle huecos de a ese
vacio, a ese vacio ya anterior que ahora es aun mas grande que antes. Alumbrar partes de esa
oscuridad expandiéndose que hizo, hace y hará que cada futuro nos sea mas desconocido todavia:
Es perféctamente posible y el mas maravilloso regalo atreverse a querer desconocer tanto!



Racional breve
The (un)known constantly emerges and does not decrease or grow too much, it only increases if it is
received and re-transmitted and complements the more local momentum in total. It must be empathic
with the subject himself and the (future) receiver so that it can be tolerated by both. The greater
(un)knowledge proposed, the more it must show itself as a non-falsified and very falsifiable simplicity,
which can contain the most other improbabilities that are more exceptional, fascinating and or
almost-absurd but not completely impossible in it.




Racional-Emocional largo y resumido: NOMEDIDA

Ana Maria Rossi:
Entre lo que pienso, lo que quiero decir, lo que creo decir, lo que digo, lo que quieres oir, lo que oyes,
lo que crees entender y lo que entiendes… existen nueve posibilidades de que no lleguemos a
comprendernos.
Yo:
Entre lo que me atrevo y no a estar con qué, y a mas normálmente o siempre ser,
lo que pienso que yo antes era o siempre fuí,
lo que en realidad soy, y lo que como tu, de mi mismo me inventé, me invento y me inventaré…
Mas… lo mas complementario y también polarizado que yo crea que necesite de y pida mi momento
para ti,
lo que me influencia tanto tu mayor o menor distancia antes y ahora, pronto y mas tarde, como la de
otras energias a las que através de ti yo hubiera llegado o quisiera llegar, llego y llegaría...
Añadido a… lo que yo quisiera y quiero acertar a expresar y lo que creo que al final de todo ello
muestro a través de mi ser a saber que combinación de cuales de entre todas las conjunciones de
entre las partes mas internas y externas de mi cuerpo,
Junto a…lo que intuyo que por tu bien y el mio antes de todo eso yo minimizo, obvio o elimino, que
encima pudiera serte poco o nada adecuado por estar siendo mucho o insuficiente cierto o incierto...
Y si todo esto fuera solo la mitad, a la que le puedebemos agregar... lo que tú esperas o quisieras
escuchar de mí si pudieras,
lo que escuchas sólamente de entre todo lo que sí puedes y quieres escuchar
y lo que no oyes porque no puedes o porqué no quieres de entre todos mis silencios…
Y le acabamos por sumar… lo que crees que de todo ello entiendes,
lo que realmente entiendes,
lo que no entiendes
y lo que entender no puedes ni pudieras ni quieres ni quisieras…
Pues al final resulta que, ya no sé cuántas posibilidades van de que no lleguemos a
comprendernos…



Racional y Emocional largo con binomios enriquecidos
                MORE RATIONAL                                       MORE EMOTIONAL
                                                     Uncertain subjectivity
(Des)conocido                                        Lo (des)conocido no decrece, el de sobre uno
                                                     mismo y sobre otros seres parecidos aun menos
Mas bienestar siendo los que mas sabemos lo
que no sabemos y los hasta cuanto no lo
sabremos
Si se diera el caso de que pudieramos medir         Prediccion: Uncertainity nor subjectivity can't be
alguna parte con absoluta certeza o predecir        really excluded, they are rather the more key.
todas las consecuencias de futuros, nada            Only more possible meaning objectivation as
hubiera existido. Todo, realidad, naturaleza,       meaningful subjectivizing along there is.
movimiento, observar, ver, información, datos,
                                                    Propuesta: Toda medida externalizada
procesar, interpretar, comprender, conocer,
                                                    objetivada quiere complementar una subjetividad
saber, creer, justificacion, coherencia, razón,
                                                    equivalente. Horizonte de sucesos = Periferia de
conciencia, subjetividad, ciencia, verdad,
                                                    lo sensorial [Oido, gustotactual y olorvisual]. Es
blabla… Todo se mueve, la medida mas absoluta
                                                    cercania y tambien es mia porque en ella meto a
o estática solo es un supuesto medio entre lo
                                                    quién adore mi egolatria y yo la suya.
propuesto y su polo de (ultima) inconocibilidad.
                                                    Reto: Solo ni uno mismo ni se sabe ni menos
Tambien nos inventamos formas para asociarlas
                                                    aun sabe cuan loco está por mucho que lo
a lo mas desconocido de entre todo lo
                                                    mida(n). Añadete este prisma dimorfista para
(des)conocido. Podemos llamarlo universo
                                                    percibir todos los pareados:
observable, otras galaxias, materia energetica
oscura o multiverso infinito aunque realidades es                        NEGRO
paralelas desconocidas suene mas cercano.           Femenino            Mas desconocido
La cuestión fundamental en este sentido es que      Masculino           Menos malo
hay un enigma determinista que siempre nos
mantiene en una cantidad estable de
desconocimiento. El enigma determinista se
puede ir conociendo por partes, pero con cada
nueva parte conocida, el tambien hace que           Premonitoriedad predictiva
aumente nuestra cantidad de desconocimiento         Aunque infravalores a otras materias por
sobre el. Cada parcial resolución del enigma        pocasopciones, tiene mucho mas claro que nos
(nuevo conocimiento) nos hace sentir un algo
                                                    lo que quiere (el destino para ellas)
mejor porque con ello, aunque sea solo por un
breve momento, nos creemos mejor                    Prediccion: Al el sindrome del principe azul ser
posicionados en el entorno.
                                                    mas pesado (costoso - por implicante de
Estas agradables sorpresas nos mantienen            mayores relacionalidades futuras), hay que
motivados (incentivados) en la búsqueda de          disiparlo mas (con “mentiras y evolución
nuevo conocimiento. Pero dado que con cada          linguistica distractora”).
revelación de esa resolvible parcialidad del
enigma, el mismo se incrementa, tal vez             Propuesta: Humana limite maximo de
exponenciálmente, mas que solo encontrarnos         predictibilidad con minimalizacion de la
nuevas agradables sorpresas, tambien cada vez       premonitoriedad
vamos a tener que afrontar y superar un
problema de posicionamiento mayor que el que        Reto:
pretendíamos mas iniciálmente resolver.
                                                                              Hembra      Macho
Esta creciente dificultad de posicionamiento lo      Premonitoriedad          X           y
llamamos mas vulgarmente 'Vacio existencial',        Predictibilidad          x           X
pero vacio posicional seria mas certero.

El permanente vacio posicional al que nos obliga
el enigma determinista implica que vamos a
querer conocer para sufrir menos pero eso nos
forzara a sufrir cada vez mas aunque de un           Emanacion creativa
modo diferente. Nada ni nadie de las que
disfrutamos el aquí puede no sufrir por ello, ni     Quiero interpretar que Todo (des)conocido (en
tampoco puede llegar a sufrir menos, solo puede      este mas que lleno) (re)nace conectado
esforzarse en sufrir mejor, o sufrir menos por el
saber mejor lo mucho que nos hará sufrir lo que      Prediccion: El protoconocer solo se da si antes
seguro vamos a saber de menos.                       se acepta el aumento del total de desconocido
                                                     que vendrá con el luego

Prediccion: Conocer menos medidas sobre el           Propuesta: Conocer simplifica y magnifica
perfecto equilibrio total que la experiencia de      relaciones con otras partes y relaciones ya
sus procesos y mecánicas de des y                    (des)conocidas
reequilibraje
                                                     Reto: Mejorar el desconocimiento en nuestras
Propuesta: La Materia desarrolla el intento de       interacciones mas ignoradas
posibilitar la confluencia de la Unidad y el Vacio
porque la supuesta Unidad es lo que mas vacio
experimenta por ser par mas polar del Vacio
Nada se puede aislar y al conseguirlo empezó         Originalidad consensuada
Todo (perspectiva experimental)
                                                     La sabiduria okupa lugar, lo conocido quiere
Reto: La Materia (des)conoce mas para                transmitirse para poder (des)conocerlo mas
parcializar mejor el enorme Vacio existencial de
la Unidad                                            Prediccion: Mas calidad de la originalidad
                                                     cuando mas causalidad en la intencionalidad
                                                     Propuesta: Para conocer mas, has de
Prueba definitoria                                   empatizar mejor el dialogo con la frustación de
                                                     tus mentores en la nueva revelación (apaciguar
Investigamos por aprender a mecanizar
                                                     a viejos hombres de paja…)
(aplication driven) y o por aceptar lo causal
(curiosity driven)                                   Reto: Mira en tus intenciones propias mas
                                                     profundas y las de tu entorno sobre lo que te’os
Prediccion: Las propuestas de experimentos a
                                                     apetece mas de imposibilitar mediante lo que
los que menos se les deba de aplicar el
                                                     aportas a la cultura de la que coerción
principio de caucion son las mejores candidatas
a promoverse y a que sean las que finalmente
se paradigmen mas.
Propuesta: Choose to experiment with what
                                                Conjunto momentual
allows lesser recurrence of the cheaper
falsification attemps                           El porque del rupturismo periferista es para
Reto: La menos coercion en la investigacion, en matarse y cuando muy centrista es para matar
su proyeccion aplicativa y en su busqueda de
                                                Prediccion: El (des)conocimiento emerge de
apoyos
                                                nueva parte del entorno en quién el conjunto
                                                   consensua
                                                   Propuesta: Futuros mas enigmáticos y
                                                   presentes mas plenos con mas cercanas raices
                                                   Reto: A ver si te vuelves muy loco o famoso por
                                                   una idea que gusta a los demás pero la
Existencia imposible                               prefieren solo tuya!

Lo imposible es solo una sinonimizacion
exagerada de inconocible, lo mas falso,
improbable o ficcioso
Prediccion: Inconocible, Muy desconocido,
ComplejoPerfecto, Estable son casinonimos          Transmision receptora
Propuesta: Mas posibles verdades pasadas           El transmisor necesita mas receptores para
para mas probables amores en el futuro             navegar mas hondo y el receptor llega al fondo
Reto: El porque del rupturismo periferista es      enseguida al fondo que tanto le costó al
para matarse y cuando centrista para matar         transmisor-minero de tal nueva relacion.

I'm (in the lobby of) mocking “finetunning         Prediccion: Transmision mas aceptable si
uncertainity” sinomized as inteligent design as    disfrutable y personalizada, si mas cerca de
superimprobable for it to look everytime more      ficción común
impossible –Dawkins sociobiology (spoofed)
                                                   Propuesta: Valora lo que los demás llegan a
                                                   tolerar como les toleras, your idol to be your co-
                                                   pilot
Infalsificabilidad falsificable
                                                   Reto: A mas masivo receptor, mas diversa pero
Por mucho que se repita un experimento sus         dificil superficialidad y mas necesidad de mas
medidas – pruebas van a poder ser refutables,      honda documentacion
porque por lo menos todos los momentos son
unicos y la incerteza manda...

Prediccion: A mas se pueda poner a prueba
una proposicion, mas (des)conocimiento y o
verdad al mismo tiempo lleva
                                                   Solida fragilidad
Propuesta: Anatomia de mujer es lo mas
                                                   No hay mayor sufrimiento que el aumento del
macrocósmico de la mas micro singularidad
                                                   (des)conocimiento
(Muy falsificable)
El multiverso se expande sobre el vacio inerte     Prediction: Many feelings to go sleep or yawn
desde la singularidad inicial (Muy poco            (mimicying the plants) when much to know in
falsificable)                                      front, because the unknown increase is better
                                                   handled the more nearly asleep (doing our
Reto: Sorprende lo tan simplificado que se         fotosintesis).
presenta y lo tan falsificable que es pareciendo
                                                   Propuesta: Aceptar que el (des)conocer que
tan improbable...                                 emergerá buscaba quienes acepten sentir
                                                  momentos mas (in)tensos
                                                  Reto: El momento de tolerancia mas critica del
Significante significado
                                                  enigma desconocido que se revela como
Prediccion: Antes nos inventaremos otro tipo      conocido está en su momento mas reconocido,
de lenguaje no escrito (ej. los emoticonos, una   durante su expansión al recibirlo
app), que un nuevo inglés (ej. esperanto, ido,
etc).
Propuesta: Los (incrementales o menos)
significados son escalas afinadas de
conglomerados de significantes ya                 Privacidad públicada: Autenticidad engañadora
interactuados
                                                  Arterial changes on critical (meaningful) lies
Dejarme sin adjetivos descritos                   depends on subject love (interest) about the
me lo acechara la almohada                        issue. Everyone should have the right to keep
                                                  part of his-her lie on what (s)he deeply could
por babearle mis gemidos,
                                                  love– Pr. Marston&Wonderwoman
que ni con música ni tarareo llego
                                                  Prediccion: No publicamos toda la verdad
ni siquiera con soñar despierto consigo           porqué hasta en privado sabemos que no
imitar como bailo a mi latido vleo                somos capaces de aceptarla. El autoenganho
                                                  nos protege del consecuente suicidio respuesta
Reto: Diferencia sabe a poco, dinámica            al cuan tambien tan malas personas somos.
macroscópica del arte de la polarización sabe
mejor… (!?)                                       Propuesta: Recomendación de gradualización
                                                  de publicación de privacidades. Parametrar
                                                  grados y estilos de sinceridad, resultantes de
                                                  co-aceptacion del mutuo engaño
                                                  Reto: Mas publicaciones poéticas con mejores
                                                  pedidos previos de consentimiento para
                                                  transmitirlas.




                                                  Honestidad valiente
                                                  Soledad y miedo... soberbia lo supera! Pero si no
                                                  se la humilda, no es amor ni evolucion...
                                                  verdadera...

                                                  Prediccion: El paradigma Miedo como opuesta
                                                  de Amor (en vez de Odio), es por asociar mejor
                                                  a la Valentia con la Honestidad (mas cercana a
Verdad, mejor complemento de Amor). Omisión
– Nada (y o Asco) como posible siguiente
Opuesto de Amor, y no Miedo.
Propuesta: Cambiar el paradigma de
Costosidad del principio del Handicap por el de
Honestidad y o Amor Valiente

Reto: Preparate bien tu antes ante el grado de
verdad que me pidas. Yo no miento aunque
pierda
