                      Material ECONOMY
                                       flove.org/economy


THIS PAPER SCOPE

                               LIFE
 FLOW                    LOVE
 Universal               Flove                      ONTOLOGY

 Natural                 Simplex                    HIGH SCIs

 Observational           Channels                   BIOLINGUISTIC

 Emocional               Amor                       FUZZY LOGIC
 Relacional              Alegria                    SEMANTICS
 Racional                Sabiduria                  EPISTEMOLOG
                                                    Y
 Personal                Almas                      PSICOLOGY
 Local                   Confiar                    ETHICS
 Social                  Libertad                   SOCIOLOGY

 Extraccion Ecologia                                ECONOMY
 Manufactura Artesania
 Servicial               Oferta
 Regalar                 Liberar
 Prestar                 Compartir
 Intercambiar            Cadena
An upper older macro Love gets to be the micro in a newer lower




A lovely deepening asks for stop digging and entangling with closers and uppers instead somewhen

This pape briefly introduces some apps 5 scopes of the Material Economy (Mining and
Manufacture and Servicial Gift and Exchange) and gets further deep to explain the Shareful model
for showing a example a more evolved modelling, and also for showing how much all scopes of life
are depending of each other (the centroidal ones specially) and how they tend to include the higher
ones more and more lightly.

This has been one lessons learned from a prototypal implementation of Shareful model (lovely
lending). It is very worth to make the effort in developing more unmaterial relational affinities
between the borrowers/lenders than lending functionalities. In this sense, the more relational
unmaterial matching data between users, the better we can dedicate the mechanical effort into the
suggesting of custom borrowing messages rather than offering more complex set of clauses for the
lender to have to select them.



Sharing as centroid of gift and exchange

The more superficial lovely lending tends to gift, the deeper side of lovely lending would be
looking for satisfying the material needs you have, with better exchanges specially if needed, for
you being able to lend more.




Material lending as scale of and relative with inmaterial trusting
It’s lovelier to add a higher love in a shareful offer than detailing more the shareful clausing

INMATERIAL              MATERIAL
Personal Soul           Freed Gift
LOCAL TRUSTFUL SHAREFUL LENDING
Social Freedom          Swaped Exchange
For a lending offer being lovelier, it will be useful to have a kind of CreativeCommons project for
physical things. There was not any platform doing this, so i and a friend developed a set of
generalistic and scalable clauses.

A few years after some friends and i did a cool website with a minimal module and a theme for a
centralised but popular free software platform (wordpress) for lending things with a set of optional
clauses. We thought that making that website was going to be enough for people sharing more their
things, and that the local shareful platform will get quickly viral and replicated in many other parts,
but we later realized that doing such an stand-alone effort didn’t automatically produce what we
initially and broadly wanted.
Beyond the short limited financial, marketing and coding resources we had, the main limitations for
the shareful website thriving were others. It doesn’t matter how flashy or full is a platform that let
anyone to choose conditions for sharing more securely something. When we think on lending, we
want the lending to be meaningful for us, which basically means to increase the satisfaction that we
get when trusting succesfully.

Beyond one potential lender knowing more or less his/her borrower and the material usefulness of
our offer to him/her, we like to lend things as a test for improve how we deal with the inmaterial
trusting in relationships general, otherwise we will rather prefer offering it as a gift or as an
exchange. Lending keeps us attached to the thing and to the borrowers, with the thing being an
important part of us which is relying in someone else caring it, and we use that as a test for seeing
how they (the borrowers and people in general) care about us, for also signaling it as virtue to
others.

People will normally appeal to don’t trust to lend anything to another unknown in case «they will
not bring it back safe after borrowing them», but more in fact what they more care about is «i want
to lend it to anyone: that would love me a bit more because of that.

If I lend it and i don’t directly gift it, it’s because i want to keep loving it closely and i also want to
magnify that relationship through you feeling second to me with it. I want to love myself and life
more meanwhile you use it. I want to trust you for that.




Material economic offering within inmaterial psicosocial rationality
Consumerism of ecological and crafted things is something very lovely to promote worrilessly

              POLITICAL ECONOMICAL
CENTRALISED   Liberal   Socialist
DECENTRALISED Socialist Liberal
The shareful model is a bottom up way for lending. Both Socialist-Materialistic and Liberal-
Idealistic economical models should offer a way for people doing their own economies from the
bottom up,

Indefinability and ultimate impossibility of the justification of property (and authority)

For this shareful model, we are not going to judge how the property rights over a thing have been
acquired nor what are the fundamentals of authority (where property law relies on). We will also
limitate the sharing to what is already considered legal to be shared, without disputing whether that
law is fair or unfair. For innovating in the possibilities of waiving property rights. See shareful
upper neighbour for that, the freed model, for a lovelier gifting.




AIM: FOR BETTER RELATIONS WITH MATERIALITIES
We care about things as closer extensions of our own body are
The social function of private property recommends that the authority over the thing serving for the
thing to be better cared and for the caretaker to be influenced for fulfilling the function for which it
was originally made / received human effort for. On the contrary, we are mostly using private
property appeals for our things not to be used by others. So this way things get infra-used and so
property loses all its so-called social function.
You can have better relationings overall by having many things that you are benefiting directly from
them andor that you can make others to use them. But the more you want or need to protect your
exclusive use of certain goods or restrict them to others, the more potential inequilities you can
cause and concerns you may have, so the more you have to invest in security andso the
experiences / relationships could become more scary, less loving, in general, overall.
We overprotect our things because we don’t trust much how others will use them, but we mistrust
others mainly because:
1. It is hard to calculate our own future sustainability, i.e. We may regret to gift something we could
rather better have have sold it to get other resources we need.
2. When we let others use our things, we are no longer «so» separated from other people. Other
people with material scarcity will like to get attached to us then for trying to get more of the same in
the future and we may not want to promise that nor get more personally closely involved with them.
A place for having a better life through the providing of the things we need for doing what we love
Let’s protect the things each one more care, let achieving their use by others too, increase the
quality of the offered things themselves and the relations proposed with them as the offeror wishes.


Satisfactory use is beneficial
The final use of the thing magnifies the entire chain of production of the thing. Making things used
more improve personal and social relationships. The things we offer are the more material-outer
parts of us. Things by themselves bring more love when they are the more ecological, crafted and
accessible possible. We should incentiviate their development and consumerism.




ECONOMICAL APPS


WORTHING Mining

How much a(ny) thing is worth for you?
WHY
When we describe why we are valueing the things we have, we can offer them with an important
added value, that normally we don't formally estate and rely on the practical value of the thing only
instead.
Worthing helps us as offerors for specifying important additional information, specially in loans
(and exchanges and gifts secondarily), andso not needing to specify furhter specific restrictive
conditions. Also, they could even recommend some terms of use and specific users to use it,
depending on how much you (the offeror) valued your thing and the level of trust you have with the
requester.
WHAT

Historical      Symbolical
Functional      Technical
Contextual      Potential
Respect         Regenerate
Clarity         Usability




CROWDCRAFTING Manufacture
Planed rewards (shares) for contributors when the final product is sold
WHY: Open and decentralize the manufacturing of products. This way, we are giving an added
value to the final product too.
WHAT: Facilitate the participation of whoever with his own arts at any of the stages of the creating
of any artifact.
HOW: Create development projects and moderate and redistribute the task commiting and the
promisory benefits according to the contribution when the product is finally delivered


distribution
               presentation
               marketing
               customer
               support
material
               open
                              durable
                              repairable
                              updateable
               technical
               quality
               impact
                              environtmen
                              tal
                                            pollution
                                            reciclable
                                            waste
                              local
                              social
planned
offering
               sharing
                              freed
                        some time
                        for sharing
                        p2p license
         ease of deal
         selling
                        price
                                      cheap
                                      currencies
                                      accepted
                                                       barter
                                                       bitcoin
                                                       altcoin
                                      leasing
                                      possibilities
                        fee
                                      x% to
                                      platform
                                      x% to flover
                                      projects
                                                       by popular
                                                       rating
                                                       by product
                                                       flove
                                                       to external
                                                       projects
                                      x% to the
                                      project itself
                        discounts
                                      members
                                                       betatesters
                                                       early
                                                       adopters
                                                       other
                                                       communitty
                                                       participants
                                      special
                                      customers
                                                       regular
                                                       buyer
                                                       big buyer
                                                       people in
                                                       need
                                                                      poor
                                                                      disabled
                                                                      other
                                      second hand
design
         standards
                        open
                        hardware
                        open source
                        software
                        free culture
          crowdsourci
          ng
                        some
                                        closed
                                        group can
                                        give
                                        feedback at
                                        some stages
                        very
                                        there is a
                                        more or less
                                        public
                                        forum to
                                        give
                                        feedback
                        completely
                                        communitty
                                        only designs
                                        with
                                        sufficient
                                        public
                                        support
          qualities
                        documentati
                        on
                        aesthetics
                        customizati
                        on
                        possibilities
ratings
          flove
          popular

doers
          type of
          entity
                        individual
                        cluster
                                        chaordic
                                        communitty
                                        small
                                        company
                                        big
                                        company
                        agency
                                        specialized
                                        related
                                        sector
                                        general
          working
          environtmen
t
    production
    capacity
                 small
                 big
                 very big
                              product in
                              stock
                              quick
                              delivery
                              costy
                              delivery
    laboral
    conditions
                 available
                 tools
                 ambient
                              lovely
                              normal
                              hard
                 shifts
                              low
                              normal
                                           i.e. 40 hours
                                           a week
                              high
    wages
                 quantity
                              official
                              minimum
                              sector
                              average
                              more than
                              average
                 accepted
                 currencies
                              barter
                              bitcoin
                              altcoin
                 fees
                              no fees
                              small fees
                                           for flove
                                                           for make
                                                           flove
                                                           for own
                                                           floves
                                                           for other
                                                           floves
                                           for own
                                           projects
                                           for estate
                                                         big fees
             work
             distribution
                            fair
                                          ones in need
                                          first
                                          more
                                          technically
                                          qualified
                                          first
                                          random
                            normal
                            other
                            meritocracy




FORKING PARTIES
Every project had to be promoted and has to be maintained by some people, who should specify
tasks to develop it.
The should be a way to contact the maintainers privately, and also the project could have additional
feedback gathering tools suchs as forums, forms and polls for others adding their doubts,
contributions or specification of new tasks.
The project tasks could be published in a public tracker-repository waiting there for someone else to
come to do them at some point, without previous private virtual or presential contact with the
promoters-maintainers.
Maintainers want to make their project known to a broader audience and every project wants to
increase commits to their tasks, that is why projects organize promotional and production
gatherings.
1-Promotional events about a project are a few of the total events around the project, and are
normally open to all public
2-Production gatherings are events for doing tasks, which are many but they are not that much
publiced nor attended, so finally tasks are normally done by a small group of the same people.
Promoters-Maintainers tend to feeling the patrimonial contribution they have already done as a
hierarchy within the community of people formed around the project and also feel scarcity of
human resources (task commiters, helpers) in comparision to the abundant love they are giving to
the project and the level of participation in the production in the project's public events they make
an effort organizing (from the task tracker, to presentational documents andor presential meet ups).


Project's gatherings limitations
When developing a project, there is not only the conflict between maintainers and participants, there
is also the conflict of the project relationship with other projects. In this sense, there is an increasing
trend of "general gatherings" for presenting your project in a gathering where a lot of other related
projects will be also presented. So when someone goes to such a general gathering, we have some
additional problems:
- The relationships between presentators and atendees are very stressed due to lack of time for
each project and the big flood of information around. Atendees are flooded with simultaneous
presentations imposible to attend them all. Organizers may document the presentations (normally
through audio-video recording) for a later re-viewing, which is an additional effort to be put. There
could be more volunteering flow for doing those tasks because of the larger ammount of atendees.
but the meeting as project tends to have the same bottlenecks mentioned above.
- Organisers may merge related presentations in a common room, where shared talks-debates
among the presented projects are not publickly organised. These thematic meetings are definetely
privately enjoyed, but there is a potential communitty as a project there as well which also tends to
have the same bottlenecks other projects have.
- Presentations could be just about re-reading their already published website, something which is
not much of an added value to the meeting. In the case of presenting something new about the
project, they will link to the documentation generated there from the project website, but very few
or none add the link back to the project website where they are referencing their meeting
documentation. So if someone finds them through the presentation, has to go to their website and
re-check in that meeting documentation is outdated or how old it is and what has been updated.
Also, during the meeting itself many updates to the docs shown there could have been made, which
are not threaded in the meeting website nor credited.
- Presentators will beg contributions and ask for feedback in a little round of questions at the end
of the talk, which they surely may either get a FAQ andor a speech from some atendee who mainly
wants to show him/herself off, documents that are uninteresting for the project itself. They could
receive some brilliant feedback too there, but this is more rare to happen because who wants to do
so will prefer to normally give it more privately in a postpresenation moment.
The presentators may prefer splitting the talk and atendees into groups, leaving them time to talk to
each other about the presented content. The more presentational time given to the atendees, the less
for the presentation, so people could lack of background for what they should be talking to each
other.
An approximate standard payback is: It has been one hour atendance from 50 people, and the
presentator gets an average of 15minutes to 1 hour conversation in exchange at the end of it, from
50 to 100% unimportant contribution for the project itself. (S)He invested 100 hours for the
presentation, gave 50 hours there to 50 different people and receives 1 hour back from them all.
- Atendees may have many things in common that if they were to find, the project will benefit
much of it because of its that role of linker between both. Many atendees would love to have
contributed feedback while listening some parts of the presentation, andor leave a message in some
board after the presentation, specially if it was a meeting board for that presentation, since his/her
addon could trigger a further f2f conversation with some other atendee during the time of the
meeting.
But attendees were in the presentation more passive, almost as if they were watching TV. Also, the
more hectic ones, may felt frustated because they were not feeling they would have the space for
talking meaningfully with the presentator (they don’t want to struggle with others for the
presentator attention) and decided not to involve at all instead.
- Communitty gets reinforced with common events within the gathering, but since the gathering
relies in a hierarchy between Organizers, project presentators and atendees, these common events
don't get deep in making that community to thrive as a whole as much as it could be. Also despite
there is a communitty building effort there, everyone should solve their basic needs individually
(transport, food, sleep, etc) so the sense of community is not felt as it could very much more
potentially be- This is an important flaw because when generating more meet up spaces within the
meeting we are offering more space for sharing interesting pending conversations arised there.
Also, since any communitarian gathering tends to a further celebration, partying is no present or it is
too artificialized or separed from the gathering itself.
Since projects need more tasks promotion, relating and tasks commiting and atendees want to add
their bit and everyone specially including gathering organisers want to enjoy the experience deeper,
we have to intervene in making lovelier standards for a more productive presentational gatherings
for projects.


WHAT
Guidelines and tips for forking parties
Easy offer your live multimedia feedback about the presentation in a tidy meeting website url that is
also embedded-branched in the project website) where you could expect further personal matches,
specially if you describe your talents and assign yourself some of the project tasks, which will give
you a currency to get back the entrance money you paid and some projects products that are only
sold in the meeting’s partying arena. Will this not promote to more easily suggest new open tasks for
free projects driven by an affinity group that tends to infinity because they don't feel their authority
and volunteering as scarce anymore?




Servicial OFFER: WHY

               For trying to improve

Offering       For being more active

               For feeling better

               Make happier someone else day
Gifting        Clear things i don’tuse

               Show my gentleness

               When is well done feels good

Lending        Almost always feels good

               Make some thing more known

               For getting basic expenses

Exchanging For doing more of what i like

               For getting an additional income

Demonstration mainly featuring Shareful lending in WordPress: Download, see




HIGHLIGHTS
OFFER, lovely service
Freed, lovely gift
Shareful, lovely lending
Chain lovely exchange

The less wants, more offered offline and more satisfied by the closer ones, the better. In the flove
market, the broader wants the more agencied, the more privacy for you and the easier for them to
go being satisfied
Add several users as advertisers of the same offer
There they have implemented the offer but only of things, not services

In this group we share everything, in the other group we only share a few things

Specify further the conditions for your volunteering offer or want
I lend some, most, all my things, specially if my colleague would do that task for my other mate

Choose which of my projects to give the x% of your giving-payment to me

In the Terms of use of that community is stated that you can decide not answering to any requester.
Besides this, answering and adding clauses gives you points in a chain…
Offering types relativity and equivalence
Depending how i am (materially and inmaterially speaking), i will lend more or less

Giving, lending and exchanging, the three main childs of offering are relative to each other.

           Ask for Exchange
           Inmaterial Material
Gift       No            No
Lend       Yes           No
Exchange No              Yes
At lending, the rights over the thing are maintained but partly given in exchange of some inmaterial
compliance (Shareful is a flove.org brand for exploring lovely ways to do so).

The borrower will tend to reach the equivalence relation with his/her offeror with more
inmaterialities, just because (s)he is freer to have to give the equivalence than if (s)he had to fulfill a
material one (exempted at the lending). The recipient of a loan does not formally need to show
strong thanks, but (s)he will tend to do it to match andor surpass the equivalence of what (s)he has
borrowed, just because the received lending gave him materials that he coiuldn’t afford to get them
materially through an exchange.



Strategical time scopes balancing
One will be more or less open to lending depending how much (s)he can afford not to «rather»
exchange it (rent or sell it), because of an actual or posible future lack of that thing andor overall
resources.

Everytime we offer to loan or gift instead of exchange, we are doubting whether we are acting
strategically and adequately well with respect to our forecasts of future shortages of what we are
giving off for free. This is also why for many people the loan seems more cumbersome than an
exchange, or why we hesitate not to gift and we rather decided to just lend.

These tactical decisions are also the justification for why there are more lovely trade-offs in some
exchanges than in some gifts or loans, as well as there are loans that provide more loveliness than
some gifts, despite the default linear loveliness ranking of gifting, lending, exchange.

Every offering suits a short term need, but it is also framed within an offeror mid-long term strategy

                    BENEFIT PROJECTION
                 INMATERIAL          MATERIAL
GIFT             Short-Mid-Long Long
SHARING          Short-Mid           Mid-Long
EXCHANGE Short                       Short
For the lender, a lending is an investment for a short term inmaterial benefit and a mid-long term
material one. A borrower doesn’t need to lend to his-her lender afterwards (if so that should qualify
as an exchange instead), but (s)he will be inmaterially very pressed for that, hence the potential
benefit mid-long term for the original borrower.




Automation of acceptance shortcuts?
Lending, like trusting and knowledge at a more broad level and exchange at a more concrete one, is
a negotiation process for an acceptance. What are the tools helping us do that with things?

Here grandparents and mothers share everything with their children (See more: MyFamily)
Promise compliance, press a button, get the thing (See more: Slock.it)

Universal sytemic access: Uthopy?: We give everything to the NOS user because (s)he has
everything. Everything is shareable, for now there are few hours to do in the factories needed for
everyone to use anything. Anyone rarely has to wait for something to use something.

See more: Venus Project (Zeitgeist) (unspecifying flaw)




FREED gift
Gifts are not loans because, theoretically, they imply no commitments (either material or
inmaterial) to be complied by the receiver of the gift.
Others are part of us too. When we gift we feel we are helping others andbut we also always, more
practically speaking, keep a smaller or bigger expectation of a bigger unmaterial respect demand
and also a more concrete future material gifting back to us from the one we are gifting now.
The gifter will use its gifting action as meritocracy for fututre deals, as virtue signaling to try to
seduce others. Reducing the expectation and directing the gift to lesser known ones is a long term
(altruistic) strategy (of egolatry). Gifting to close ones focuses more in the shorter term benefits of
gifting others. That's why we are sometimes unsecure about accepting gifts.
Gifts are not really gifts if there is not a receiver that welcomes it. Gifts are as valueable as the
receiver wants it.
Gifts come, technically speaking, with non binding conditions, they just and include wish. But let's
not be that wishful and offer gifts full of wishes instead.
One special wish for a gift is it to be enjoyed by the more. The most that a gift gives the most value
to the more people and the better fulfills the more explicited wishes of the giver, the better. So we
need to develop some special rails for finding the more ideal person, in either practical and legal
ways, for receiving a gift that is wished to be shared the most.
Public domain works quite well for these kind of abundant resources, but up to some point where
burocracies factually imped such freedom in such public domain gifting. This case is specially
obvious with material giftings into the public domain, which more or less gets to be directly owned
by the State burocracy, which commonly impeds the use thing, less or more, sooner or later.
On the other side, more unmaterial things like digital things can be so abundant that their gifting
shouln't imped the more to be able to use it.
On the public domain law about digital things the former owner (andor their succesors) still retain
the unwaivable Moral copyrights over the thing, which are enforceable in the case of reputational
damages made to the original author by modifications of the original thing that are antagonistic to
the original author moral values, with these moral values having to be interpreted by lawyers and
judges, within their own burocratical and biased framework. So again, what we are technically
doing is transfering the property rights to the State.
In the road for developing the lovelier gifting, we have to invent complementary and better tools
than the actual ones we have for that.


WHAT
Freed model proposes a lovely way for gifting that tackles the ambiguities of property management
after gifting.
Freed model offers you pre-loaded declarations for gifting, where to exagerate the declaration of
completely waiving the property rights over the thing. It also allows you to estate additional non
binding wishes for the future use of thing. Both of these actions can only work informally and or
within a network that discourages the appeal to property formalities that will still rule (we can't do
above what the law already estates).
If there were attached wishes and you or further requesters were not complying with the estated
wishes from the original offeror, (s)he couldn't sue nor even blame you for that, (s)he rather should
keep you apart of future freed offers (s)he would make, if (s)he would want to act against your
future interests.
Some freed initiatives could set up very wild cases about the possible uses of things. First of all, you
are the one responsible of selecting an audience for your offer. You would have to mind this
specially and from the beginning because, actually, the first one in showing interest in it or going to
get it (as you informally prefer...) will be the next legitimated full owner of it and as such, (s)he
could inmediately and formally - legally cancel your rights and don't let anyone else use it anymore.
Finding the ideal receiver of a gift is one of the loveliest challenges in life
Freed Shareful: Gifts that are donated with the wish to be further shared deserve to be specially
cared because they both benefit the donnor (reputation) and the more people will be able to use it.
Freed Shareful gifts should help forming communities that could better care about them. These
communitarian pools should be freely created, so this way freed shareful pools will get incentivated
to increase their reputation about the gift being used meaningfully very much by many, andso
receiving further freeds in the future



HOW

I
thing.
             It is
                            No
                                         ruled
                                                        No law
                                         owned
                                                        Me noone
                                                        No
                                                        ownership
                                                        I am not the
                                                        owner
                                                        anymore
                                         property
                            Ours
                                         Ours!
                                         It is ours
                                         This is ours
                            for the
                            world
                                         for the
                                         universe
                                         for the
                                         nature
                                         for the
                                         humans
                            more terms
                            other info
wish
             about the
             past
             concrete for
             the future
             abstract for
             the future
saying:
             instructions
             of use
save
             publish
                            schedule
                           to
                                         certain
                                         person
                                         a group


And with another form for candidating to receive freed gifts




SHAREFUL Lending: WHY
Letting other people using your things in a satisfactory way for both and your surroundings directly
brings a large immaterial benefit. We just need to give sustainability security to offerors to feel more
confident for letting others more freely using them, because it is done for their own benefit as well!


More transparency
Fear can be justified because we do not trust each other, but often we do not trust the other because
we do not know anything about him. If we knew a little bit more about each other.
In this sense, a minimal confidence can be given with information added at some apps that maps a
compatibility between the two and the greatest guarantee can be the dissuasion of a system-market
in which we all want to be, so we are more afraid of having a bad reputation there.


Better licenses
Licensing are formalizations of offers aimed to help offerors to find solutions for the I don’t know
you enough so i don’t lend it to you
Licensing also helps a requester in not having to over-rely in the subjectivity of the offeror and his-
her other possible derivated abuses.
Licensing the use of things makes more clear the relationship between the people involved,
normally unknown because when the confidence between a requester and an offeror increases, the
conditions of use could be more ligther and informally specified.


WHAT
Depending on who it is, I would lend with some specific conditions

Borrowing clauses-Conditions for lending can be suggested by the:

1 Offeror (chooses within a clauses set, see it below, the rest of this article complement those)

2 Requester (to be developed, for offerors worrying less about choosing which clauses for who)
An initial aim is «the offeror puts his-her conditions (shareful clauses) and waits to be contacted by
requesters». Universal conditions can be a good enough tree to rely on, but people will tend to like
to add the lesser specific conditions and also to the more custom audience possible, because by
lending we want to develop our close circles of trust and if owners decide to add all clauses (for
being more honest and protected against unknown ones while open to informally waive them to
more custom trusts) they may feel by others a too much of a picky, untrustworthy, over paranoid,
stingy… person, regardless of (s)he factually being less materialistic than someone else that doesn’t
lend and only wants to exchange.

This situation can be overcomed with design glitter, by a gaming currency that incentivates adding
of clauses and else, but the best development i foresee is the clauses automatic recommendations
given to the requester depending on his-her current and potential relationship with the offeror.

An improved relationship is the objective of any lending. So, if we can have a good relationship
analisys between a possible lender and a borrower, then it’s better to suggest custom conditions (an
inteligent request message) for the borrower to the lender, instead of proposing the lender choosing
some set of universalized clauses. Thus, the clauses would be found first by the requester, and so the
offeror would not need to worry about having to think about what restrictions to start putting.

The requester would propose those recommended clauses (or others that she would like to add to
the suggested ones) gaining more options for using the things (s)he wants without having to do the
effort of sending a void beep message or a personal message to the offeror. Also for this case, (s)he
benefits by feeling unnaccountable of any potential hassle that the request message could have
caused to the offeror, since (s)he (the requester) can blame the suggester, which is comunitarian
code... so those complaints could become very productive too for improve the overall system.




Licensing limitations
Licenses are mandatory for lending and not for gifts and exchanges but enrich them very much

By combining different areas of formalization, final licenses can be simplified. The platform design
itself is a fundamental aid for simplifying final licenses. In a website implementation we offered 12
clauses (out of a total of 20 exposed here in this document) and a very short base license text only
for «clauseless lending» which was the popular: Leave the thing as it is you found it
These are the minimal implicit conditions (apart from those recognized by the unwaiable
conventional law) that the offeror expresses. However, we will never be specific enough to fully
facilitate or transparently face all aspects of a lending relationship. These are some of these
impossible issues to specify/enforce accurately for lending actions:

1. Give attribution to the lender

-To each one that sees me with the jacket you lend me?

-Do not transform it (No opinion?)

-Don’t tell anyone (Do not let it be seen?)



2. Non-commercial:

-Can’t i use the thing to enhance any accesory exchanges (or exchanges with euros)?



3. Do not modify it

-Do not touch it?



4. The offeror can cancel any condition at any time

-Clausing could be used just a lender show off, isn’t the borrower at risk?



5. Delivery of contact information

-How intrusive could the borrower and lender with each other about it?



6. Compensation for accidental damages

-Lend what’s going to break soon?

-Unappliable standard for a thing lifetime?



7. Proposed methods for the resolution of disputes
-Semantic ambiguities in the UN human rights declaration?

-How to investigate, prosecute, enforce, elect jury and restore?



8. Propagation of additionally attached wishes

-Are they really non-binding at all?



Clauses wills and limitations
The clauses are the specific set of optional binding conditions that we make available to advertisers
of lending offers. The clauses open up possible agreements for a more and more creative relations.
We don’t pretend this proposed formalization to act as constraints or being an obstacle for offering
itself, but rather an incentive and even an endorsement for that. As developers, we could have
chosen to offer you more clauses, or other more restrictive or permissive or long clauses, but we
chose to standardize them because we believe that they represent with simplicity the depth of the
values we want to represent and promote. We could even think on rewarding the (curated) adding of
clauses, because it is an action that represents a part of a higher culture of care we more broadly
want to incentivate.

It is also very true that at each culture or for each type of thing there will be a set of clauses more
appropriate than another to suggest, but that does not mean that we can’t recognize some scales of
common lacks of confidence that the licenses could help us to overcome. These proposed set of
clauses for licenses can be extended, minimized or be completely rephrased, but surely there will
also be statistics of their use, which somehow will represent its universality a posteriori anyway
maybe.




SHAREFUL CLAUSES
ATITUDE :

                Traditional     Conservative      Liberal         Progresist        Libertarian
ASPECT:


Destination     close            near                 known            granted           anyone
Purposes        common           approved             beneficial       improvement       anything
Giving          contribution     lend me              lend             re-lend           comment
Time / Space    use it with me   use it where it is   back after use   back on request   keep it




DESTINATION
You can list them posively (only for) or negative (not for).
The thing can only be used by a certain group of people who know or are experts in a particular
topic, whether from a place or a culture, have certain common characteristics or act or behave in a
certain concrete way. I.e.
Formal association: cooperative, community of neighbors, social center, bar clients, etc ...
Informal association: friends, cousins, hobbiistas, etc.
Close means: The requester should show some common link (friend, known, interests) with the
offeror.
MyFamily member
Near means: The requester is unknown but shows a string link or he is already more than known for
the offeror.
The friends of my friends are my friends
I want to feel that I share values with the people that I relate to
Always more important is the tract, than the contract
Known means: People that the offeror has some reference.
Tell me we have a friend of friend or acquaintance in common
I want you to give me a phone number to contact you
(S)he decides to use this option to be able to afford to ask for a lot of information about unknown
applicants.
Granted means: The requester must have a special authentication of their data and / or protection
by the offeror against possible accidents.
I need to see your DNI and know your residence adress
I need you to have positive comments from 5 people or a friend in common
I need to cover possible accidental damages with the following formality in the endorsement:
symbolic, partial, solidary, formal, notarial
Anyone means: All interested persons are invited to contact.
I do not want to doubt about people
For all, especially for strangers or non-users yet


PURPOSES
You can list them posively (only for) or negative (not for)
Common means: The requester has to convince the offeror to actively support the purpose of use
that will give the thing.
I'm going to help you develop your projects with your things
I need a lot and I want you to help me develop what I like
Well, he has called me one thing and told me they were waiting for me
Approved means: The offeror must passively endorse the purposes of the requester use
I think you'll like what I want to do with your thing
I want to be proud of what can be done with my thing
Give me another chance please ... I swear not I will smoke again in your house ...
Beneficial means: The offeror accepts the use that is going to be given to the thing but does not
have to endorse it either
I am going to use it with smokers, because i know you like it
Profit with it, but to finance projects
You've given me an idea for a charity event
Improvement means: The requester has to show the offeror that the thing is of high interest to her,
or that she can make some improvement to the thing
I want it to be used with the greatest ben possible social efficiency
I want you to lend it free, otherwise rent it for improving it
I am going to send you a sensitive poem to persuade you ...
I have an idea of using it for something that you will like
I will return it to you improved
Any purpose means: In principle, it is not necessary for the requester to tell the purpose of its use
to the offeror
I prefer that you do not tell me so that way you will be able to use it
Thanks for making it easy
I do not want to deal with the temptation of morality


CONTRIBUTION
Contribution means: The requester is requesting a material contribution as condition.
Symbolic contribution: The requester brings something special to use the thing
You must offer something to a third party
You must ask for a chain of favors
You must use or take something extra that I will give you to use this thing
You must re-lend it, especially to people who still do not know the thing
Patrimonial contribution: Supplies needed to use the thing and % of co-offer acquired by the use
Be part of it and your family
If it is yours you will take better care of it
Lend me means: The requester must be predisposed to lend him something of equivalent value to
the offeror either simultaneously or later.
Leave your document while using the motorcycle
You will return the favor if I need it
How nice it is to play that we do not exchange but almost ..
Lend means: The requester must show that she is also lending something of equivalent value to
some other person with similar conditions.
Look at my activity and reputation
Thanks for the loans you received by remembering those who lent you
Re-lend means: Once used, or while you are using it, lend it to other people as well, to the best of
your ability.
I want you, just like you, other people from your confidence can also use it
If someone says you like it, give it to them
If you like it more than you, tell it as I gave it to you and give it to them if you want
Comment means: The requester must give information about the use the offeror requires, including
the need for public comment before or after the use.
Be nice
Thank me
Comment when returning
Comment in web
Comment in web with photo in the boomerang application when returning


TIME / SPACE
For non-moving things, these options apply equally, but your choice will also give useful
information.
Using it with me means: Using it simultaneously or concurrently with the offeror, or someone you
trust
Finish soon that I'm leaving and you have to leave with me
As it's the first time we try, it's the most normal
This way I share the experience of lending a lot more
Use it where it is means: If it's a movable thing, you have to ask permission to move it beyond
where you found it.
I do not want to suffer because I'm not having when I want to use it
The washing machine, do not take it
I do lend my house things, but only inside the house
Has to come and stay near where I want to
Return after using means: You could move the thing, but before you take it you have to remember
the maximum time returned from the thing once the use is finished.
Take it at the last minute and return it tomorrow morning first thing
After you, give it to the other one who will give it back to me
To be inactive with you, to be with me I will activate it before
Return when I ask for it means: It can be carried and a limit time of use is not established apriori.
Whoever takes it is committed to store it and return it in a maximum time to agree.
Keep it and save it well, I'll contact you soon when I need it
Keep your phone plugged in, you only have a day to return it
Save it means: The requester agrees to store the thing for an indefinite but finite period of time:
I find mantaining it a burden and I would like to be able to use it through some other friend side
I would say it is a gift but I have not dared to do so in case i want it back in some time




ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional information is public or private formal (binding andor just explanatory) information that
can be freely included in the license anytime. Its flexibility carries the disadvantatge that it can
override the clauses. Some of these suggested categories for adding additional information could be
easily moved as clauses options. However, we prefered these values they have to be non binding.
-Remarks: More specific information about the license

–Tips or instructions for use: Necessary to be added if the thing is potentially «dangerous» due to
its capacities, fragility or deteriorated status

-Operational contribution: Small material or immaterial contribution to be able use the thing

30 Euros of petrol (to go to Madrid)

Free price to cover expenses

-Stock / Maximum time of use: Total, per session or per person

2 washing machines per week, different people

3 free places to go to Madrid

The one who has least used it has preference



-Stories:Historical narrative associated with the thing

It was from my dear father

This ball was touched by Messi

There are already 50 former borrowers of it…

See more:Worthing




Binding conditions vs non binding conditions
What is more lovely: a nonbinding wish or a binding clause?

Clauses (or conditions) have the power to be used in front of the community or to the conventional
authority to report an use abuse, which would entail its judicialization and adequate compensation.
One could use first the community resolutive tools andor directly go through the conventional
authorities (police, judge, etc) where the offer information created in the platform will help for
providing more ground for such an abuse claim there.

Wishes, on the other hand, cannot be used as binding conditions of the contract-license and, if they
were to be used as such, the community reporter would automatically become denounced by the
community instead. Much worse if (s)he went to a police station claiming a breach of a wish.
The violation of a wish entails only a «karmic» compensation. Examples of karmic penalties could
be from hard extracommunitarian revenges (which should be communitarily unwished) up to the
easy reaction of someone who has felt that his wish has not been respected, to choose not to return
to lend the thing to who (s)he considers abuser of her-his wish. In this case, the alleged wish abuser
cannot report an abuse (falsification of the offer) by the offeror, (s)he can only rather appease his
frustration or expect compensation with the feeling that:

The same karma to which the offeror appeals so strongly, can turn against her-him for being such a
cheater andor too radical with his repression to me for so little breach done while me trying to
compensate still and he refusing that. I am going to send a message to the mediators of the platform
to take her-his unsocial action into account and I will also explain the situation to my friends in
private so they do not lend anything to that offeror either

It’s worth entering into this unsolvable binding/not-binding situation because through incentivating
the expression of wishes attached to thing is what can decentralize more the need of shareful
bindingness withand law itself.




WISHES (Examples)
If you fix some flaw, great

I want it to bring peace in the world

Please do laugh with it or die

Challenges:
       1.Suggestions to post wishes attached to things and other types of contents (Attach «Main
       wishes» or «Habits», syndicated in profile and exportable to contents and third parties
       2.Consider stories as wishes (extended and indirect wishes)
       3.Relationship matches through wishes
PLATFORM CONDITIONS OF USE (Example)
To be able to post offers, you must accept the Terms of Use, verify your email and read and
undertand this document. Once these things are done, you can publish offers and you will have a
mailbox on the web where other users can send you private messages (for you being able to not
revealing your contact email or other information). Anyway, if you prefer, you can also specify
other contact routes in your profile other than by private message (contact phone, Facebook profile
or other website, other ways to contact you in person, …).

As you post things and interact with others you will build your reputation as a user on the web.
This can help you build trust with other offerors when you contact them as a requester.



DISCLAIMER
We always have a part of responsibility to take care of when trusting someone, but we should not
think that distrust is always the best option because it also isolates us.

You are not obliged to lend anything to anyone with whom you do not feel, nor you have to expect
an additional alliance or special thanks from the person to whom you lend the thing. Your thing
will have a natural deterioration when used by others.

You can ask to contribute the part of this equity (through adding an additional clause) if this issue
worries you.

There could be misunderstandings, exaggerations and inaccuracies in the communication with
others. Express them where you see them as a potential conflict, the earlier the better. Accidents
can also occur and if the borrower is keen to compensate you for those, you should not make the
accident a problem for you and less for him/her.

We bet for disuassion of conflicts through the increasing of positive value of the common
platform. We hope to fill the platform with enough things so that people who want to cause
problems will know that when we catch her-him (s)he will lose the possibility of using things later.




Publication and canceling
We offer optional conditions for the offerors describe how they offer the access to their things
(clauses), that the user can ignore and even overwrite. In the event that there is a contradiction
between the option chosen and the additional information added by the user (either textua, oral or
else), what the user has said will prevail.

With the optional conditions that we recommend you use, we want to make your offer more
transparent, thus this way the offeror and the requester are better protected.

Do not be afraid to specify very specific conditions if they give you more peace of mind when
publishing an offer. You can also formally or specifically adapt special conditions to specific
applicants that arise during the negotiation of a loan. And also of course, you can have published
many conditions and then tell the applicant privately that some of them do not need to be complied
with.

You can start offer things that you love much as exchanges and other cheap things to lend or give
with or without conditions, or simply assume that you can not share it yet because you do not feel
ready for it, even if you initially published it as a loan or gift. Go lending and giving more to the
extent of your emotional, rational and material possibilities.




Transfers of use
When you (the requester) are looking for something, read the conditions of the offer, contact the
offeror, comment him-her that you are going to use the thing for the agreed time, take the thing
and return the thing as agreed.

When contacting a offeror, the offerorr is not obliged to respond or end up sharing the thing, nor
the requester has right to publickly denounce the offeror for it. The offering system offers other
ways for having updated information there.

The offeror can also ask for as much personal contact information to the requester as (s)he wants.
The conversation about the identity authentication data needed by the offeror before the delivery of
the item can be extended as much as the offeror wants, leaving space for the applicant’s complaint
if the bidder is not proactive in wanting to check it, if he is continuing asking for more contact
data.

The conversation about the guarantees of compliance with the conditions or the instructions for
use can be extended as much as the offeror wants, with the offeror keeping the right not to share
the thing even if the requester a priori meets the conditions and demonstrates reasonable use
capacity of the thing.

In the case of the offeror publickly changing the conditions after having lend and while the loan
still takes place, without having notified it either private or publickly to the requester, and (s)he
willing to complain about the borrower because of that, the system could provide to the requester
the exact time of the change of conditions for his-her own defense about it.

We also consider these actions to take against non-compliant offerors:

-Receive communications about offerors that don’t respond to messages and keep a private file
with these sort of complaints, and if the situation continues to be repeated, contact the offeror and
freeze andor cancel his-her account.




Dispute resolution
Try to avoid problems first. Use the owntrust for any relation with any other user for easing them

Complain and try to solve it privately

Contact the mediators




TERMS
Use: Active use of the thing

Thing: A material value
Consumable: Thing with little use time left (short expiry date)
Service: Thing valued in time
Course: Thing that is a Educational service
Offer: Advertisement of a possible use of a thing
Pack: Collection of things or same type of offers
Hybrid: Collection of different type of main offers
If you exchange this to me, I’ll give you a gift next mont andor i’ll lend you ny other thing
I’ll lend this thing yu want if i can gift you some trash i have
Main type of offer(s): Gift, Share, Exchange
Directed offer: Offer subjected to conditions or for a specified purpose
Requester: Person wanting and asking for an offer
Want: Advertisement of the need of using a thing
Demand: Urgent want
Project: Promisory offer with regular wants
Task: Project want
See also: plans projections needs wishes wills purposes ideas suggestions dreams vows rants
Support Collaborate Contribute Donate Participate Involve Help Jobs ...
Offeror: Person who offers
Co-offer: Offer with multiple Offerors. Examples:
-User describes that the contact is another person
-User describes that the thing is someone else’s
-User adds that the thing belongs to another person (sub-profile) of which she is the contact (agent)
-User delegates to another person for the contact (agent)
-User accepts another user as a offeror (co-offer)
-Co-offerors establish a critical mass to be able to edit or transfer the offer (multisig)
Owner: Person having the ultimate legal authority over a thing
Legal: Applicable conventional conditions
User: Person compliant with the conditions of use of a thing
Agent: Person acting on behalf of a requester or offeror


Gift: Main type of offer with a promisory free transfer of ownership of a thing
Gifter: Offeror of a gift
Volunteering: Gifted service


Loan: Offer the transfer of use of a thing
Share: Acceptance of a loan andor a Co-offering of a thing
Borrower: Loan receiver
Lender: Loan provider
Loan me too: Simple clause example: For using the thing, the borrower promises to freely lend
some thing to the borrower in the future.
Shareful: A neword synonym of shareable for a more easy identification of our lending philosophy.
License: Core information with optional binding clauses and non binding additional information
Core information: Mandatory information to have to comply with that can be added by a licensee

Invitation: License customization

Base license: License information included in all licenses from the license promoters

Promoters: Owners of the platform mediating the offers

Flove.org/offer: A common referential and development platform that acts as deafult Promoter

Conditions of use and Disclaimers: Introductory informal information for guiding the overall
procedure of use and avoiding possible misunderstandings-

Terms of use: Formal-Legal version of the “Conditions of Use” of the platform

Clause: Formal license option predetermined by the platform and selected by offeror

Clause remarks: Additional informal information about the clause provided by the platform

Additional information: Other binding (core) and non bonding conditions added freely by users

Comments: Informal nuances and updates of the offer

Complaint: Formal nuance (could request start a communitarian resolutive-compensative process)

Profile information: Data in the user’s platform profile (can be referenced in the license)

Additional private information: Additional information given privately between users about use

License version: Techincal trace of the actual base license with other versions of it

Wishes: Non binding conditions on the offer



Grant: Offer for the mediator/owner to claim in case some specified events happening
Exchange: Reciprocal transfer of ownership of things
Barter: Lovely exchange
Swap: Lovely exchange
Points: Internal reputation system tokens
Contribution: Immaterial or material gift
Operational contribution: Additional costs to be covered to able to use a thing
Symbolic contribution: Small gift requirement
Patrimonial contribution: Supply cost of use (optionally get % of co-offer acquired by using it)
Extending sharefulness
PREFERED DISPUTE RESOLUTION
i.e. Prefer dealing – lending with who…

More               Less
Past       Current Future
Experience Use     Offer
           Similar Different
Offers     Things Relations




EXTENDED (SUB)CLAUSES
ATITUDE :
               Traditional      Conservative Liberal          Progresista     Libertarian
ASPECT:

Destinatarias close             near           known          granted         anyone
                                asociates                     equivalent
                                that are
                                that behave
                                thematic

Purposes     common             aproved        beneficial     improvement     anything
             see profile
Giving       contribution       lend me        lend           re-lend         comment
             at canceling       much           equivalent     symbolic        in web
             total                                            patrimonial     with foto
             contact+
             buy it in x time
Time / Space use with me        use where it is back after use back on request Keep it
             chat me
Extended clauses through analogies
The way we behave with things says things about the way we are and vice versa

We can draw further analogies to the clauses with other sets of 5 (and else…). For example:
Attitudes to the Aspects one, so this way we further humanize the lending intention. I.e. Vertical
(body) and horizontal rows (soul), that will somewaht tell about our personality:

You are quite Mari Puri and you tend to Uxía… See how much Encarna you are.

ATITUDE : Autoritarian Conservative             Liberal        Interested       Libertarian




ASPECT:        Cram           MariPuri          Juanito        Uxia             Encarna


Destination


               close          near              known          granted          anyone
MariPuri


Purposes

Juanito        common         approved          beneficial     improvement      anything


Giving


               contribution   lend me           lend           re-lend          comment
Uxia


Time / Space


               use it with me use it where it is back after use back on request keep it
Encarna


Defaults:You tend to share with Mari Puri’s soul in Juanito’s body

       1.Diagonal (where body matches with soul) as the default for all. i.e.
For near and beneficial purposes that re-lend and keep it

       2.The middled one (clauses proposed by Juanito): i.e.
For known with benefitial purposes who also lend and return it after use.

Further analogies with other lists with categories of 2, 3, 4 and 5




EXTENDED CLAUSES
CORRUPT
Y
useful if
(not)
Limity
             for certain
             purposes
             Moraly
                           within
                           certain
                           morality
             Conservy
                           certain
                           modificatio
                           ns
             Eventy
                           certain
                           events
                           Surroundy
                                         external
                                         circunstance
                                         s happen
                                         Climaty
                                                        a certain
                                                        climate
                                                        Rainy
                                                                       it rains
                                                        Climatyful
                                                                       used under
                                                                       all posible
                                                                       climates
                           Controly
                                         certain
                                         person (not)
                                         being aware
                                         Peoply
                                                        certain
                                                        people (not)
                                                        being
                                                        present
           Bossy
                        offeror is
                        present
                        Endorsy
                                       use is
                                       endorsed by
                                       offeror
           Joiny
                        certain
                        concurrence
                        Selfy
                                       concurrently
                                       with offeror
                        Engagy
                                       bringing a
                                       new one
Contacty
           contacting
           certain
           person(s)
           Booky
                        contacting
                        offeror
                        Officy
                                       offeror
                                       permision
                                       for every
                                       use
Givy
           never
           anyone
           being
           present
           Lossy
                        the offeror
                        never use
                        the thing
           Endorsy
                        endorsed by
                        someone
                        Paternalisty
                                       endorsed by
                                       mediation
                        Fanny
                                       endorsed by
                                       offeror
           Autisticky
                        never
                        contact
                        anyone
                        Forgety
                                       never
                                                                                contact
                                                                                offeror
                                                    Futury
                                                                    never
                                                                    attribute
                                                                    anyone
                                                                    Myway
                                                                                never
                                                                                endorsed by
                                                                                anyone
                      Awaity
                                     some mass
                                     is reached
                                     Crowdy
                                                    a minimum
                                                    of interested
                                                    users
                                     Towny
                                                    a maximum
                                                    of users
        Prefery
                      prefering
                      purposes
                      Varyy
                                     varied
                                     purposes
                                     Oddy
                                                    odd
                                                    purposes
                      Trusty
                                     not asking
                                     for purposes
Pricy
        supplying
        certain use
        cost
        Usy
                      supplying
                      certain use
                      cost and use
                      deterioratio
                      n
                      Ecoy
                                     supplying
                                     certain use
                                     deterioratio
                                     n
                                     Preservy
                                                    supplying
                                                    thing
                                                    deterioratio
                                                    n
                        Ecologisty
                                       supplying
                                       certain
                                       natural
                                       deterioratio
                                       n
           Costy
                        supplying
                        use cost
Granty



Commercy
           donating
           certain
           resource
           Richy
                        donating
                        certain
                        resource if
                        having
           Enroly
                        donating per
                        user
           Feey
                        donating per
                        use
Receivy
           getting
           something
           when using
           Communist
           y
                        giving some
                        offering
                        when using
                        Socialisty
                                       giving an
                                       offering
                                       percentatge
                                       when using
                                       Socialisty
                                       49
                                                      giving up to
                                                      the 49%
                                                      offering for
                                                      users
                                       Socialisty
                                       99
                                                      giving up to
                                                      the 99% of
                                                                     the offering
                                                                     for users
                                         Gifty
                                                       giving an
                                                       offer when
                                                       using
                                                       Owny
                                                                     giving
                                                                     offering to
                                                                     the next
                                                                     user
                                                                     Freedy
                                                                                    giving
                                                                                    offering to
                                                                                    the
                                                                                    commons
ESSENTIA
L
useful
Purposeful
             for every
             purpose
             Easy
                          no moral
                          judgement
                          of use
             Modifiable
                          It can be
                          modified
             Ready
                          it can be
                          used
                          regardless
                          of external
                          contextual
                          happenings
                          Independent
                                         it is
                                         independent
                                         on natural
                                         hapennigs
                                         happening
                          Discretionar
                          y
                                         it doesn't
                                         need anyone
                                         else being
                                         aware for
                                         being used
                                         Confident
                                                       it doesn't
                                                       need anyone
                                               else being
                                               present for
                                               using
                                               Secure
                                                              offeror not
                                                              needed to be
                                                              present
                                                              Mature
                                                                             no need to
                                                                             contact
                                                                             offeror at
                                                                             each new
                                                                             use
                                                                             Flowy
                                                                                          no need of
                                                                                          offeror
                                                                                          allowing
                                                                                          each use
                                                                                          Personal

                                               Informal
                                                              anyone can
                                                              start
                                  Discrete
                                               free from
                                               having to
                                               contact
                                               anyone else
                       Enablier
                                  it doesn't
                                  require an
                                  initial
                                  threshold
                                  Singular
                                               one user can
                                               use it
                                  Easy
                                               undefined
                                               maximum
                                               of users
                                  Resistant
                                               no mass will
                                               stop it
                                               Active
                                                              unlimited
                                                              time of use
                                                              per user
Generous
           free from
           use cost
           Flowy
                       no cost
                           Satisfied
                                          no natural
                                          deterioratio
                                          n
                                          compensatio
                                          n
                           Inmaterial
                                          free from
                                          use
                                          deterioratio
                                          n
                                          compensatio
                                          n
            Oath
                           grant free
            Sharing
                           barter free
                           Receiver
                                          no more
                                          giving for
                                          using
                           Inclusive
                                          no need to
                                          donate per
                                          user
                           Gift
                                          no need to
                                          donate per
                                          use
UNIVERS
AL
anytime
Permanent
            indefenitely
            whenever
            Happy
                           no limit per
                           user
            Vowy
                           no limit per
                           session
Moveable
            everywhere
            Global
                           world scope
            Wise
                           any route is
                           fine
            Transportabl
            e
                           any mean of
                           transport is
                              fine
               Grounded
                              put back
PARALISY
(not) for
certain time
Timy
               limiting use
               time
               Prompty
                              for certain
                              total time
                              per user
                              Insisty
                                              a minimum
                                              total use
                                              time per
                                              user
                              Antinerdy
                                              a maximum
                                              total use
                                              time per
                                              user
                              Forevy
                                              forever
                                              Eterny
                                                             even after
                                                             death
                                              Cynicky
                                                             with default
                                                             cost for
                                                             offeror
               Realisty
                              for certain
                              time per
                              session
                              Wanty
                                              a minimum
                                              of use
                              Maxy
                                              a maximum
                                              of use
Groundy
               with(out)
               certain
               movility
               Territorialy
                              within
                              certain place
                              Castly
                                              within
                                              certain room
                               or building
                  Provincy
                               within
                               certain
                               conventiona
                               l boundaries
                               Spainy
                                              within spain
                  Transgloby
                               within a
                               transglobal
                               area
                               Multiversic
                               ky
                                              within the
                                              multiverse
                               Galacticky
                                              within the
                                              galaxy
                               Exospherick
                               y
                                              within the
                                              exosphere
          Mappy
                  through
                  certain
                  routes
                  Fidgety
                               if keep
                               moving the
                               thing within
                               some time
                               Jumpy
                                              if keep
                                              moving
                                              some
                                              ammount
          Tiey
                  by some
                  mean of
                  transport
                  Spoily
                               by new
                               means of
                               transport
          Gluey
                  to some
                  places
                  Conquery
                               to new
                               places
VITALIC
for everyone
Infinitarian
               affinity with
               all humans
               Companion
                               all people is
                               family
               Friendly
                               all people is
                               friend
Transcenden
t
               use is not
               conditionate
               d by any
               fact
               Intercultural
                               it loves all
                               cultures
               Intelectual
                               it interacts
                               with all
                               theories
               Objective
                               accepts all
                               status
               Tolerant
                               accepts all
                               habits
               Fresh
                               accepts
                               present
                               behaviours
SECTARY
for who is
(not)
Knowny
               of certain
               affinity
               Maty
                               mate
               Familiary
                               familiar
               Affinitaryy
                               affinity of
                               affinity
               Strangy
                               stranger
Facty
               fulfilling
               certain facts
               Cultury
            of some
            culture
            Latiny
                           latin
                           Hispanicky
                                          hispanic
                                          Spanishy
                                                          understandi
                                                          ng spanish
                                                          Spanishyy
                                                                        spanish
                           Portunholy
                                          communicat
                                          ing in
                                          portunhol
Theoristy
            believing in
            some theory
            Religy
                           believing in
                           certain
                           religion
            Chackry
                           believing in
                           chackras
Statusy
             having
            certain
            status
            Bioy
                           having
                           certain
                           biology
                           Agy
                                          age
                           Gendy
                                          gender
            Titly
                           having a
                           certain
                           hierarchy in
                           a
                           community
                           Qually
                                          qualification
                           Joby
                                          job
                           Associaty
                                          member of
                                          certain
                                          association
            Inny
                                         certain
                                         status of
                                         useship
                                         Virginy
                                                         first time
                                                         using the
                                                         thing
                                                         Chasty
                                                                      first time
                                                                      using a
                                                                      similar offer
             Habity
                         having
                         certain
                         habits
                         Vegy
                                         vegan
             Momenty
                         fulfilling
                         certain facts
                         at the
                         moment
                         Sobry
                                         with a
                                         minimum of
                                         sobriety
             Existy
                         existing
                         Schizy
                                         existing in a
                                         schizophren
                                         ic context
                         Followy
                                         promising to
                                         develop
                                         certain
                                         habits
                         Quanticky
                                         existing in a
                                         quantic
                                         realm
EXPANDIN
G
caring
Networking
             tell
             Communica
             tive
                         sufficient
                         contact
                         details
                         Private
                                         no need of
                                         publishing
                                         contact
                                         details
           Narrable
                         use
                         experience
                         can be
                         publicied
                         Calm
                                         no need of
                                         publishing
                                         use
                                         experience
           Free
                         free of
                         notification
                         Solidary
                                         use should
                                         be
                                         communicat
                                         ed to
                                         interested
                                         persons
                         Flexible
                                         additional
                                         information
                                         can be
                                         added
                                         Light
                                                       free of
                                                       attribution
Creative
           leave it as
           found or
           better
           Challenging
                         encouraging
                         to improve
           Restorative
                         damages
                         can be
                         compensate
                         d
           Reputative
                         it takes into
                         account
                         previous
                         non-
                         compensatio
                         ns
                         Fair
                                    it doesn't
                                    take into
                                    account
                                    damages
                                    caused to
                                    other things
                                    Autonomou
                                    s
                                                   it doesn't
                                                   externalize
                                                   the dispute
                                                   or resolution
Clear
        cheers
        Resolutive
                     settling by
                     shareful
                     improvemen
                     t
                     Exposed
                                    terms
                                    contain
                                    setling
                                    parameters
                                    Forward
                                                   past is
                                                   worth as
                                                   present or
                                                   future
                                    Agil
                                                   present is as
                                                   worth as
                                                   past or
                                                   future
                                    Responsible
                                                   future is as
                                                   worth as
                                                   past or
                                                   present
        Cheerful
                     constructabl
                     e settling
                     group
        Offer
                     unified
                     terms
                     Equivalent
                                    same terms
                                    for all
                     Dynamic
                                    clauses can
                                    be added
                                           and
                                           removed
                             Copiable
                                           terms are
                                           shareful

FEARY
(not) caring
for
Nosey
               certain
               contact
               information
               Trappy
                             much
                             contact
                             information
                             Openy
                                           publishing
                                           certain
                                           contact
                                           information
                             Carefreey
                                           no contact
                                           information
               Publishy
                             certain use
                             information
                             Advertisy
                                           publishing
                                           much use
                                           information
                             Anonymy
                                           not
                                           publishing
                                           use
                                           information
               Telly
                             telling
                             something
                             to certain
                             person
                             Informy
                                           telling
                                           something
                                           else to users
                                           By
                                                           attributing
                                                           offeror
                                           Culty
                                                           something
                                                           about the
                                                   offeror
                                     Histy
                                                   something
                                                   about the
                                                   offer
                                     URLy
                                                   providing an
                                                   URL to the
                                                   terms
Improvy
          certain
          improvemen
          t
          Hecty
                       generating
                       much
                       improvemen
                       t
          Judgy
                       certain
                       compensatio
                       n
                       Repairy
                                     much
                                     compensatio
                                     n
                                     Carelessy
                                                   no
                                                   compensatio
                                                   n
                                                   Despairy
                                                                  no
                                                                  improving
                                                                  Violenty
                                                                                 causing
                                                                                 damages
                                                   Ecocidy
                                                                  no
                                                                  compensatio
                                                                  n of
                                                                  environtmen
                                                                  tal damage
                                                   Insidiousy
                                                                  compensatin
                                                                  g less than
                                                                  damage
                                                                  caused
                                                   Fascinaty
                                                                  compensatin
                                                                  g only by
                                                                  generating
                                                                  other offers
                                                   Psicky
                                                                  compensatin
                                                                  g by causing
                                                                  more of the
                                                                  same
                                                                  damage
                    Bubbly
                                   compensatin
                                   g only by
                                   repairing the
                                   thing
         Accounty
                    taking into
                    account past
                    damages or
                    compensatio
                    ns
                    Resenty
                                   taking into
                                   account any
                                   damages
                                   caused to
                                   things
                                   Mercilessy
                                                   taking into
                                                   account any
                                                   previous
                                                   past
                                                   damages
                                   Evily
                                                   telling
                                                   everyone
                                                   about any of
                                                   your
                                                   damages in
                                                   the future
                    Shruggy
                                   not taking
                                   into account
                                   any
                                   previous
                                   non-
                                   compensatio
                                   ns
                                   Altruisty
                                                   not taking
                                                   into account
                                                   the future
Settly
         certain
         settling
         Customy
certain
settling
parameters
Kingness
             settlers with
             certain past
             Usageness
                             settlers with
                             certain past
                             use
                             Beeness
                                             settling
                                             based in
                                             some past
                                             use of the
                                             offer
                                             Freshyness
                                                           has been
                                                           more
                                                           recently
                                                           using the
                                                           offer
                                             Clasistness
                                                           more used
                                                           the more
                                                           similar
                                                           offers
                                                           Eclecticness
                                                                           more used
                                                                           less similar
                                                                           offers
                                                           Expertness
                                                                           more used
                                                                           more offers
                                             Childness
                                                           less used the
                                                           more similar
                                                           offers
                                                           Bornness
                                                                           less used the
                                                                           less similar
                                                                           offers
                                                                           Fetusness

                             Robotness
                                             settling
                                             based in
                                             some past
                                             use of
                                             things
                                             Operateness
                                                           more used
                                               more similar
                                               things
                                               Offtopicnes
                                               s
                                                              more used
                                                              less similar
                                                              things
                                               Oldness
                                                              more used
                                                              more things
                               Newbiness
                                               less used
                                               more similar
                                               things
                                               Strangeness
                                                              less used
                                                              less similar
                                                              things
                                                              Newness

Attitudeness
               settling
               based on
               past offering
               Offerness
                               settling
                               based in
                               cetain offers
                               offering
                               Mineness
                                               more
                                               offered
                                               more similar
                                               offers
                                               Diverseness
                                                              more
                                                              offered less
                                                              similar
                                                              offers
                                               Offerorness
                                                              more
                                                              offered
                               Preofferness
                                               less offered
                                               more similar
                                               offers
                                               Noofferness
                                                              less offered
               Mediateness
                               settling
                               based on
                               past
                       mediating
                       Assistness
                                     more
                                     mediated
                                     more similar
                                     offers
                                     Varyness
                                                    more
                                                    mediated
                                                    less similar
                                                    offers
                                     Mediatyness
                                                    has been
                                                    more
                                                    recently
                                                    mediating
                                                    the offer
                                     Mediatornes
                                     s
                                                    more
                                                    mediated
                                                    more offers
                       Botherlessn
                       ess
                                     less
                                     mediated
                                     more similar
                                     offers
                                     Shrugness
                                                    mediated
                                                    less offers
Hurtness
           settling
           based in
           past
           damages
           Nurseness
                       more
                       compensato
                       rs
                       Doctorness
                                     less
                                     damagers of
                                     similar
                                     things
                       Healthness
                                     less
                                     damagers
           Evilness
                       more
                       damagers of
                       similar
                                       things
                                       Demoness
                                                       more
                                                       damagers
          Connectness
                         settling by
                         proximity
                         Mergeness
                                       has been
                                       nearer for
                                       the longer
                                       from the
                                       thing
                         Splitness
                                       has been
                                       more far for
                                       the longer
                                       from the
                                       thing
Actness
          settling
          based in
          present
          Affinityness
                         settling
                         based in
                         affinity
                         Bloodness
                                       certain
                                       relation
                                       with the
                                       parts in
                                       dispute
                                       Fuzzness
                                                       more related
                                                       with the
                                                       parts in
                                                       dispute
                                                       Brotherness
                                                                      more related
                                                                      to offeror
                                       Strangeness
                                                       less related
                                                       with the
                                                       parts in
                                                       dispute
                                                       Farness
                                                                      less related
                                                                      to offeror
                         Theoryness
                                       believes in a
                                       certain
                                         theory
                         Cultureness
                                         is from a
                                         certain
                                         culture
              Factness
                         fulfills
                         certain facts
                         Thingness
                                         having
                                         certain
                                         things
                                         Poorness
                                                        less things
                                                        has
                                         Richness
                                                        more things
                                                        has
                         Touchness
                                         gives more
                                         contact
                                         details more
                                         public
                         Analiseness
                                         better
                                         analizes the
                                         pros and the
                                         cons of both
                                         proposals
                         Prey
                                         first-time
                                         arbitrators
Promiseness
              settling
              based in
              future
              Loveness
                         more love
                         Essentialnes
                         s
                                         more
                                         essentialism
                                         would
                                         generate
                                         Projectivene
                                         ss
                                                        more offeror
                                                        projections
                                                        develops
                         Vitalicness
                                         more
                                         vitalism
                                                    would
                                                    generate
                                     Expandness
                                                    more
                                                    expansivity
                                                    would
                                                    generate
                                                    Clearness
                                                                   more clarity
                                                                   would
                                                                   generate
                                     Universalne
                                     ss
                                                    more
                                                    universality
                                                    would
                                                    generate
                                     Hateness
                                                    less love
                       Useness
                                     some future
                                     use of the
                                     thing
                                     Overuseness
                                                    more could
                                                    use the
                                                    thing
                                     Unuseness
                                                    less could
                                                    use the
                                                    thing
Calculaty
            certain
            settlers
            Uneveny
                       a some
                       uneven
                       number of
                       certain
                       people
                       settling
                       disputes
                       Technocraty
                                     having an
                                     uneven
                                     number of
                                     the more
                                     qualified
                                     people for
                                     settling any
                                     dispute
            Dictaty
                   certain
                   person
                   arbitrating
                   Relyy
                                 arbitrating
                                 just one
                                 time per
                                 person
                   Emperory
                                 having only
                                 one
                                 arbitrator
                                 for settling a
                                 dispute
                                 Fascisty
                                                  having a
                                                  sole
                                                  arbitrator
                                                  for settling
                                                  all disputes
Owny
       own terms
       Miragy
                   different
                   terms for
                   each
                   Forky
                                 different
                                 terms for
                                 each each
                                 time based
                                 on the
                                 previous
                                 ones
                                 Unmarriable
                                                  different
                                                  terms for
                                                  each each
                                                  time
                                                  Libertary
                                                                 no terms, no
                                                                 core, no
                                                                 institutions!
                                                                 Libertiny
                                                                                 no terms
       Termy
                   eternal
                   terms
       Copy
                   terms are a
                   copy of the
                   terms
                                           Nightmary
                                                         no other
                                                         clauses can
                                                         be added




LOCAL SHAREFUL
Shareful within a closed affinity group. Create your own local offers platform with this test

To the initiator of a local board of local offers, we call it Mediator(s), the one(s) that first decide the
visibility and the method given to the local shareful initiative. The mediator can be:
-A single person
-An affinity group
-A group interested in a more formal collaboration. Examples:
--An association between its associates (Cultural Association, Bar, Neighborhood Community,
inter-councils, etc.)
--A network of thematic affinity (Collective X, Project Y, Network of Z)
--Business cluster


VISIBILIZATION
How will the inventory of offers be made visible?
A) Public (example: web, panel in asquare, etc.)
b) Semipublic (example: inside of an semi-open space, at some times...)
c) Private (example: The store advertises a few things from the entire inventory that is stored in a
notebook inside a desk andor as private ads on a website, intranet, etc.)



METHOD
As mediator(s), What organizational requirements and services would you like to offer for
publishing and accesing the offers? These can be:
-Further associativity needs (i.e. required volunteering) andor assistance (i.e. help in joining
association x)
-Moderation of new users
-Optional or mandatory Agency
-Storage Space and Collection services of offers
-Meeting places
PUBLICATION WITHOUT MODERATION
The mediator puts an inventory in a public or semi-private site where people must post the ad with
their contact visible in the inventory. The mediator can add information about complementary
services such as:
-A mediation contact for incidents.
-Time that is willing to serve interested.
-Organize a day event (ala market) with possible regularity



MODERATED PUBLISHING
The mediator validates the information before it is published in the inventory and can request to the
advertiser to be an associated person, personally endorsed by an associate, being a consumer of the
space or simply someone personally authorized by the mediator.



AGENCY
The agency service for offering serves for:
-Keep the contact of the advertiser private
-Add offers without having to deal with the requesters
-Easier managing loads of ads from different people
The advertiser must tell the agent what is the method in which they want to be contacted, and the
agent have each of the specific contact methods in their own private agenda. Ex:
The advertiser 1234 asks to call 67984XXXX and pass it to the interested party
The advertiser 4321 asks to give her his facebook address if she is a woman, or that the applicant
leaves his phone number if he is a man, etc.


COMMUNITY AGENCY
An agent can be a group of people - community, which could do the agebcy work better, give
further trust to the publisher and added value to the product.


STORAGE AND COLLECTION SERVICES
If the Local shareful initiative has a warehouse available where offers can be stored there, it can
make users to use them more easily. The store should have opening hours to the public or
associates, where they additionally can offer an offers collection service.
The storekeeper can give everything without asking for anything who asks for the offers andor
decide whether to ask for exchange, lend or gift depending on how much abundant or scarce is the
resource within the whole collection and also depending on the reputation the community want to
have: Examples:
-We never ask for exchange (always volunteers) and never gift away
-We ask for a membership fee for the ones that didn't gift anything
-We ask for a little rent for everything for paying minimal wages



Institutional integrations
Moderation of moderators (Case: prestogal.gal)

Only for Associations, Council must approve and moderate associations that are members, and
Associations moderate their members

Participation of social services
Social Services Clients (and else privileged users) can get things that are for rent as loans andor
with a discount (Case: La Palma)

Participation of libraries and civic centers

Host poster, orientate, moderate and or be agency of (all, some) offers (from in a announcements
board there andor in a more general platform) (Case: «Library green» Corunha: Interlibrary loans
and related events)

Other possible institutional integrations
-Offer surpluses as gifts and underused things as loans

-Publish institutional offers in an own andor general repository: Example: A list of public tasks or
needs and offer meritocraticy, privileges andor exchange for those (Cases: Discounts on municipal
card big reloads (Zaragoza), IBI tax discounts for recycling, employed-large family card, …)

-Publicize (shareful) offers news and updates from a general andor own platform

-Accept, offer, support and develop social-local and crypto currencies: Discounts for recycling
andor gifting for a later sharing

-Create a local shareful pool for public employees

-Inter-institutional gifts and lendings (Case: prestogal concellos)

-Finance project developments (better tools, sustainability of mediators-volunteers)
-Collection service of donations and loans: Let warehouse spaces for storing donations, loans,
workshops and courses

-Offers legal advisory, security and arbitration services (Example: Grant users for possible
Accidents)

-Political party(s) add(s) some andor several of these proposals in its program




Additional documents


FAQ
Pedagogic conversations about any of the fears that may arise when offering things.

Initial unsecurity
Cram: Nice design, but what is all this about?
Juanito: Look what is there and if you like register to contact or offer things
Mari Puri: Why not decide how you want to share or change things, for that you have the licenses
Uxía: Try it, usability will surprise you, it's very easy
Encarna: There are many reasons to give, lend or change. Here you have a place to express your
wishes
Venetta: Be original, be digital and start lending in 2.0




Cram: Hi, I feel like you want to convince me to do something that you want ...
Juanito: Hello Cram, the truth is that in part it's like that, but you can be sure that we're never going
to press anyone for it.
Mari Puri: We want you to give, lend and exchange, and to resolve your doubts about it
Uxía: Hello! I am Uxía, they have already convinced me 🙂
Encarna: Opening to generosity and gratitude with us, you will open the door of a new world ...
Fairy: God forbid me to try to convince anyone. I think you have not got the idea yet.
Cram: Why is it worth to lend things?
Juanito: For saving
Mari Puri: Because agreeing something with someone is easier than it seems
Uxía: For knowing and being better with people
Encarna: Test and you will discover it yourself ...




Cram: But why lend so much?
Juanito: I went to try and here you see me ...
Mari Puri: Do not lend, make a gift if you don't want to
Uxía: For disclosing a story and for activating the thing
Encarna: It feels good because almost always goes well




Cram: And change for euros things of the multinationals too, hehe
Juanito: But it forces you to invest a part in ecological or loan projects
Mari Puri: Shared logics are capable of penetrating any medium
Uxía: An additional market for the people who do not want to directly lend or give away seems
great
Encarna: Purifying the intention …




Cram: This is completely legal?
Juanito: Legal as life itself
Mari Puri: There are conditions of use on the web.
Uxía: I have not read them, really. But I trust the administrators
Encarna: Apart from legal, it is also quite karmic
Fairy: juajuajua




Cram: And what about my data? How useful are you?
Juanito: You are asked for a minimum, from there, you provide only the ones you want.
Mari Puri: We use the ones you leave us to recommend our best content
Uxía: I like to see profiles of more or less complete users, what I can see a bit who is that person
Encarna: Neither your data nor mine are ours actually ...
Fairy: What would you do? What comes to your mind?




Cram: I only participate in things that I know
Juanito: At some point someone would have talked to you about it so you would know about it
Mari Puri: They offer a lot of information about the project itself. In this case, it is quite simple to
know it thoroughly
Uxia: I did not know anyone when I started either, and you see me, delighted with it. I have met
new people with common interests.
Encarna: Do not be so suspicious, man: there is always a first time for everything. Surely if you talk
to your friends in the platform, most likely would join




Cram: I do not want to have anything to do with projects of any kind ...
Juanito: No membership card required
Mari Puri: You can advertise with a name that is not yours!
Uxia: Come now! What's wrong with lending or sharing something with someone? Have you never
taken a note in the faculty or have you left something to a neighbor? It is the most normal, but now,
adapted to the new times, using the technologies that are available.
Encarna: Even if you pass the projects, some projects do not happen of you.
Fairy: Send?




Cram: I do not know to what people I could lend my things ... And if I do not feel comfortable?
Juanito: You do not have to lend anything to someone who does not inspire you the confidence you
need
Mari Puri: Our main interest is to facilitate that you feel comfortable trusting someone.
Uxía: Trust yourself, look at your user profile. It may cost you a little at first, but this is like a chain
of favors that keeps growing every day more and more ...
Encarna: The platform makes sense because there are many people who want to contribute to a
more just and open world and therefore collaborate with each other.
Fairy: The main thing in life is to be comfortable as long as possible, whether you lend or not.




Cram: I'm ashamed to show what I can offer
Juanito: I used to give myself a little patience with it at the beginning, but it quickly disappears.
Mari Puri: If you want, I can be the contact between the possible interested ones of what you want
to offer.
Uxia: In this platform we simply put objects and services in circulation and thus they are revalued.
Encarna: People, like life, appreciate that you offer things that you are not using and others may
need.
Fairy: Trust in you, and you'll trust others. We are among equals.




Cram: And if they use what I borrowed in a way that bothers me?
Juanito: It would be very strange that this happens on purpose. We usually find careful people
around here.
Mari Puri: If you have doubts, ask them to specify a little more. And if what they tell you does not
seem right, tell them. No one can force you to lend something if you are not happy with the use that
they can give you.
Uxia: It is not convenient for anybody to create problems for the person who lends, because for
such a foolishness it could be lost that more people lend them other things that they might need in
the future.
Encarna: Look at the positive side, helping someone achieve their goal of a more secure platform
will make you feel valued.
Fairy: You can focus on getting things not bothering you or getting bothered less




Cram: And if because i lend all suddenly come a lot of people and mess it all up?
Juanito: Sometimes this is better than not missing
Mari Puri: Do not feel in a mess, choose who to answer and give it the thing
Uxia: The botherers are already used to being late to things ...
Encarna: Thank you for succeeding
Fairy: Let's see, but what are we talking about!?




Cram: And if they start calling me strangers every day?
Juanito: You can choose the way you are contacted.
Mari Puri: You can put a limit of requests, disable or delete the ad whenever you want and I repeat,
if you want, I publish it and I manage the contacts.
Uxia: That has not happened to anyone. Once you have contacted enough people, you can disable it.
Encarna: Well, it will be because they are interested in you. That way they will quickly become
well-known people of quality, and is not that beautiful?
Fairy: We need to focus on fear of strangers becoming obsolete




Cram: Let's see if for giving a shirt I'll have to answer 5 or 6 messages
Juanito: You do not have to answer anyone who contacts you.
Mari Puri: No. It's easier than that. 4 people contact you, you choose one, that's done.
Uxia: If someone is asking you too many questions, you can also complain, we are not interested in
this type of prankster, if there ever were.
Encarna: A more interest in your offer, more honor for you.
Fairy: Mother of mine. Well yes you have the agenda occupied. Relax a little, right?




Demands
Cram: The whole world will know about my poverty ...
Juanito: It's just for others to know how they can help you
Mari Puri: You do not have to publish your demands, you can comment some of them in private to
the people who contact you for your exchange offer.
Uxia: If nobody knows what you need, they can not help you as a thank you. Do not you think?
Encarna: Knowing and taking on what you need is the first step to be a little more independent.




Cram: I'm going to discover too much ...
Juanito: I see it as an opportunity to put into practice what you know best or like to give
Mari Puri: You can create a new user for the things that you are more embarrassed to post
Uxia: I thought so too, but then I discovered that it was not like that.
Encarna: I agree with Juanito.




Cram: They're going to tell me that I'm crazy if I put that I demand of that particular thing
Juanito: That goes, the other way around. Original things are a good way to create common
strengths
Mari Puri: The apparently crazy things are usually the ones that the users want to use the most. At
least, we are all happy to see published curious things.
Uxia: I love seeing strange things published or normal things with rare conditions, I find it super fun
to use things that I never used before.
Encarna: Vibrate the fetish amplifies the love that we get to have the thing and things.




Cram: I do not like to ask
Juanito: It's not asking, you can give away, put some conditions back or change one thing for
another.
Mari Puri: It is not necessary to ask for things, you can only offer.
Uxia: Here people are very open to being asked for things.
Encarna: Let's be coherent, the one who does not cry does not drink breast




Cram: Asking and being rejected makes me feel terrible
Juanito: You may have already given it away or not interested in your offer, it all happens to us, do
not stop trying for that.
Mari Puri: You and we all have the right not to respond or not to lend.
Uxía: Be your also open to be told no, that the world is not over because of it.
Encarna: (S)he loses the opportunity of interacting with your talents




Give away
Cram: What do I earn by giving something away?
Juanito: If you have things that you do not use and do not want them, why not give them away?
Mari Puri: You make someone else happy who needs it and for that you will be grateful. And you
also want to be unconcerned about having to keep something that you were not going to use.
Uxia: I have won a lot of friends giving away things, and I have freed myself of many unnecessary
worries.
Encarna: See the movie favors chain, you will see how beautiful it is to have good intentions and
how far a simple gift can go.




Cram: And if I need it later?
Juanito: Enter the platform and see if there is one available.
Mari Puri: Well, do not give it away, just lend it.
Uxia: Give it to MyFreedom, or someone you know who also agrees to take care of it and
represtrate it later if you need it.
Encarna: Calm man, Karma will reward you in another way.




Cram: I do not want to have to return favors for receiving something for free
Juanito: A gift is not given to you in exchange for, if it is given to you, it is given to you, period. If
there are some conditions, fulfilling them is the only thing you have to give before receiving it.
Mari Puri: Once the gift has been received, the person who has given it away can not complain if
the conditions that were put before it are not met, nor expect any type of favor to be returned.
Uxía: If the person who gives a gift wants to be given something for it, he should announce it as a
loan or exchange.
Encarna: Who gives (gives something for free) is to feel how special it is not to expect anything
material in return.




Cram: If I put conditions on a gift they'll call me interested ...
Juanito: Well, I see this as a game. Putting conditions before giving makes it more interesting.
Mari Puri: We're always going to want something nice to happen to the thing we're willing to give
away.
Uxía: We are all interested in some things more than others, it is good to share these opinions, and
through a gift feels super good.
Encarna: He usually sits well detached from things, and stick to desires ...
Cram: So that to put wishes to things if they are not going to be binding conditions, I'm stupid?
Juanito: To describe what we would like to happen without waiting or forcing it to happen, and so,
if someone sees that he can or wants to help, he has a useful guide on how to do it.
Mari Puri: Apart from accepting the conventional law, some people also believe in karma.
Uxia: For me, respecting wishes is more important than fulfilling the conditions ...
Encarna: Because before and after this contract, the tract still exists.




Loan terms
Cram: Deterioration is inevitable and maintenance has its cost
Juanito: Lend it only for as long as you feel comfortable.
Mari Puri: Ask for contribution to use it.
Uxia: The contributions create very original equivalences.
Encarna: Sometimes thinking about controversies requires more mental maintenance.




Cram: That putting of conditions is a mess
Juanito: It's the way it's clear to everyone. The more specific, the better.
Mari Puri: All deals have conditions. The deals with few conditions can be more mess ...
Uxia: With the conditions you can also play, and when we play, we learn to treat ourselves better.
Encarna: Formality, above all, makes us worthy and responsible with ourselves and creates empathy
with our partner.




Cram: Putting conditions makes me look suspicious
Juanito: If you appreciate something, it is normal that you explain that you want to take care of
yourself as you would take care of it.
Mari Puri: Let's be honest with each other.
Uxia: I rather distrust more of who does not put conditions than who puts them.
Encarna: On the contrary, someone who is clear, is testing-trusting that other people will listen to
him.
Cram: If I ask for a grant, they'll call me antisocial
Juanito: If you do not know anything, you need something to grab, it's normal to ask for a
guarantee.
Mari Puri: A guarantee can be given in many ways, from the simple verification of contact address
to the coverage of the total material value.
Uxia: The comments of other users about you are your best grants, generates activity and offerors
will not ask for grant to you.
Encarna: More antisocial is who by not asking for grant, does not lend.




Damage risks
Cram: You lend a ladder with all your good intentions and it does not come back ...
Juanito: The person you lend has to fulfill some guarantees, and if you do not comply with them,
then do not lend them.
Mari Puri: Start by asking to be used with you, or not to move it from where it is until you have
more confidence with that person. That they give you an grant, comment publicly, contribute ...
there are so many ways to make sure ....
Uxia: 98% of the lighters that you lend, people return them, and without the need to put special
conditions.
Encarna: Everything is here, always was and always will be like that




Cram: And if they hurt me or they break it?
Juanito: If they break it then they can replace it, and if not, you have the mediators who will help
you resolve the conflict.
Mari Puri: Do not be ashamed to require grant, lengthen the conversation or not lend it to someone
in particular.
Uxia: Accidents may be there, but being still a little more careful is important.
Encarna: And if they improve it, they clean, they fix and they put it to good use? It will create value
and awareness.




Cram: And if he cheats because it's almost broken and then they accuse me of breaking it?
Juanito: Be part of the good faith of the people, then everything can happen, but if you have doubts,
comment to the mediators.
Mari Puri: That's already a very difficult thing to happen to you in the street. And it is still much
harder for someone to create a problem like this on this platform.
Uxia: That's why it's important that people post photos and that users and things have comments
from other users.
Encarna: Well, tell us and we'll help you compensate.




Cram: If it hurts I'll end up paying for it ...
Juanito: You play your part and be carefree
Mari Puri: On this website, for your offer to be more specified and exposed, you are more protected
against possible accidents.
Uxia: Inform well of the precautions that it is necessary to have to use it if it is a dangerous thing
Encarna: It is not worth martyrizing if an accident happens, they are natural events




Cram: And how do I know that a requester is not a bad person?
Juanito: Look at her profile, talk a little more with her and if it does not reach you, disconnect, be
gentle and stay with your doubts
Mari Puri: If you do not have it published, you can ask if it has a clinical past that should not be
offended.
Uxia: We are already in a bad way with so many things that are underused in our environment, here
it serves to improve a bit that.
Encarna: Don't lend if you don't feel like




Cram: But what if he lies and his contact, grants and documents are false?
Juanito: If you do not trust, do not share.
Mari Puri: The most likely thing is that she is one of our infiltrators who has worked hard on her 😉
Uxia: That's not worth it to anyone doing it over here, it would be a more risky stealing for the
robber.
Encarna: Who reports on a thief, we give our best gifts.
Cram: And how are mediators going to solve all these possible problems?
Juanito: With your professionalism and with the help of all.
Mari Puri: They have a private inventory of complaints, they can deactivate users on the web, they
can contact her by citing her with you, and you can always use the information that you have
generated on the web to accompany a more formal complaint.
Uxia: Trust. I know them. They are people with good intentions.
Encarna: The more we are and the happier we are, the less someone is going to have no problems in
the thing, because he is going to feel that more things could be lost.




Services
Cram: Like an hour is also a thing?
Juanito: An offer of a thing, an offer of a service ... what's the problem?
Mari Puri: In all the offers of things there is a service of a person, in principle, not calculated. There
are also things that need to be put on how much they cost to be served and other offers that do not
need more than language, body or more or less expert assistance.
Uxía: Since I put conditions to my hour gifts, they contact me about projects that I like, before it
was the other way around.
Encarna: An open hour and then shared as best as possible is often the source of many precious
things.




Cram: Exchange my hours is worth, but Gift or Lend my hours is a bit freak...
Juanito: As we put conditions to give things, we put conditions to give hours.
Mari Puri: Whether it's a gift or a loan sounds a little bit the same, it's just a personal aesthetic
decision of yours.
Uxia: There will be others who repeat session if they like the subject or how you teach it.
Encarna: It is our peculiar interests that we are most willing to transmit.




Cram: If you are so fair, why are not all the hours exchanged equal?
Juanito: Because we believe that it is more fair for each person to choose the value of the hours
offered.
Mari Puri: It's a good starting point for a conversation. Otherwise, we would be forcing that to be
negotiated informally. We could even go into the delirium of having to chase it.
Uxía: Since there is a free price and there are no privileged ones, the competition is towards the
best, nice and cheap always.
Encarna: I exchange a bit of my kairos-relative time-consciousness in exchange for a chronos-linear
time-consciousness of yours.




Courses
Cram: How do you want me to offer a course if I do not have a teacher's degree?
Juanito: If you know the subject and you feel comfortable teaching it is already worth it.
Mari Puri: Course is called when it is more than one training session of the same subject,
professional course is if you have certificates that endorse you.
Uxia: There will be others who repeat session if they like the subject or how you teach it.
Encarna: It is our peculiar interests that we are most happy to transmit




Cram: But who can interest me to take a course on Philosophy of Anastacia (the singer)?
Juanito: To me that title makes me want to read the introduction at least
Mari Puri: If your course does not suceed, maybe other users suggest that you build your content in
the course of them.
Uxía: I have always liked me a lot the introductions or a session of some of the courses called geek.
Encarna: I take them as a challenge to see how many sessions I can manage to endure .. 🙂




Cram: Once I went to a course that just went to a class and got angry with me and I do not want to
Juanito: It would not be around here the second time
Mari Puri: It would be better if the offeror would have selected to attend x classes.
Uxía: I would comment if you see that she is still angry
Encarna: Hot sometimes comes as an attachment, but in the background is only love out of focus,
help it!
Cram: The courses you give are free, doesn't make you feel slave?
Juanito: It's about formalizing volunteering a bit, which will always be free
Mari Puri: As we teach, we ask that some part of the project be developed
Uxía: It is much more interesting to learn why you are more attentive and happy to intervene
Encarna: The will, when it goes together, runs the triple!




Reputation and gamification
Cram: Points and reputation to certain things? the value is subjective!
Juanito: What kind of things have value for you?
Mari Puri: Subjectivity is one of the parameters to assess things
Uxía: I value the most the worthing complementary app
Encarna: It's about being as transparent as possible




Cram: Welcome all to give points that are totally free!
Juanito: Comments and points are free, but points are limited
Mari Puri: The more points you give, the less every point you give is worth
Uxía: The thing about the points vices a bit at the beginning but then it gives a little interesting bit
Encarna: Wishes and grants are worthier




Cram: Offering real things in a video game is not serious ...
Juanito: It's one more way to show a form
Mari Puri: We do take this development very seriously
Uxía: It helps me a lot to explain it
Encarna: This is more like real life




Local nodes
Cram: Why are you asking me to set up a local node if there is not a strong global?
Juanito: In case you were more comfortable sharing in a specific affinity group
Mari Puri: Because we want you to replicate from micro levels, to the macro that feeds them if you
want.
Uxía: It's great, you ride it in a flat, in the uni, for children, in a bar!
Encarna: Globalized locality, localized globalization ...




Cram: Associations can be filled with opportunists who then do not participate anymore
Juanito: That each association will know how to handle it easily, if it happens to them
Uxía: In all the associations only a part of the total are actively involved
Encarna: That the association is gentrified! (LOL)




Cram: The institution, if it supports it, the project can lose more than win
Juanito: Libraries work well a long time ago
Mari Puri: The institution has many more and less involved ways of being able to support it
Uxía: I loved seeing that the platform was developed within the council
Encarna: The more agile the institution shares, the better for all




Project management
Cram: Those who support you are going to bias the direction of the project
Juanito: The whole tool is free, if you think you can do it better you can clone-fork it
Mari Puri: There is a lot to do on a lot of fronts to complain that we can not do something
Uxía: The last thing that those who support us would want is that we complain about their "false"
support
Encarna: Who wants to stop or bother us, will have to carry a big weight in their conscience




Cram: If you do not make sure the maintenance will burn the audience and be vapourware
Juanito: It may happen, but in that case I would see it as an attempt or the evolution of an attempt
Mari Puri: We always have in mind that we need to get into minimum maintenance mode
Uxía: More supports more maintenance and expansion services
Encarna: At least we will always be open to volunteers who want to promote it




Cram: Very collaborative you say but I see several failures ...
Juanito: That's fine, tell us.
Mari Puri: Thank you, the more eyes we see
Uxía: I have been well integrated as a volunteer
Encarna: The more you see is that the more you can get to like it haha




Cram: And if the planned development is the ideas of a man who nobody understands?
Juanito: I do not understand websites or costs but the screenshots that I saw seem well on my way
Mari Puri: Well, we value them and we ask for more documentation about it
Uxía: They already accepted a couple of ideas that I proposed to improve
Encarna: The biggest problem with this development is that it is, perhaps, too planned ...




Cram: I have seen a form that is so detailed that it is, it seems to be for beggars
Juanito: Yes, it was my idea. We think about showing from the most basic things to the most
accessory
Mari Puri: Superfluous expenses usually start with the most mundane things
Uxía: I was a little embarrassed too, but then I understood that it's normal, this is not ebay.
Encarna: We still believe too much that we have to pretend to be so rich that …


Cram: So much web so much web ... you're trying to sell a ferrari to a villager ...
Juanito: There is someone who is dedicated to improving the web, there is someone who is
dedicated to improving communication, etc.
Mari Puri: We constantly learn from experiences and we are doing well to improve all aspects
Uxía: A better web to be less on the web, I think it's great
Encarna: What an honor it is for us to compare our web with a ferrari ... thank you
Uso da palabra partilha
Resumo da experiência de uma pesquisa de videos na net (especialmente no youtube) com as
palavras compartilhar, partilhar ou compartir (feito no 2015...).

A "Partilha" tem uma alta qualidade conceptual em si mesma. Por exemplo, encontramos uma alta
carga de significado tanto ao ver videos para crianças, como videos para adultos . Também
encontramos videos que mostram uma visão de partilhar como algo mais integrado na nossa
cotidianidade e sem essa polarização de criança - adulto, mas todos eles mantêm a grandeza do
significado do "partilhar". Por exemplo, e como caso bastante fora de tópico neste artigo, esta é
uma fotomontagem (download nao partilhado) de um convite a "compartir una ciudad" através de
fotos.
Compartilhar
Os audiovisuais sob o título compartilhar que procurei no youtube estão quase todos associados a
uma premissa religiosa: "compartilhar é dar, amar (a jesus)". Desta pesquisa com "compartilhar"
gostava de realçar este video com música feito para crianças lutadoras: E neste outro video mostra-
se uma casa da rede fora do eixo, onde "se compartilha tudo"
Partilha
Com a palavra "partilha" torna-se mais visível a polaridade cultural histórica de associar um tipo
de "partilha imaterial" para adultos ser mais sábios (neste caso com interpretações menos
religiosas, porque de religiosas ha moitisimas...) e outro tipo de "partilha material" para ensinar
crianças a serem eficientes. Dentro deste contexto vemos novas gerações de audiovisuais sem
complexos desta polaridade, como no caso do video da casa fora do eixo, mencionada
anteriormente. Podemos observar outro exemplo interessante, inclusivo e "atual" numa banda de
Guimarães (Portugal) que decidou chamar-se Projeto Partilha, (No link podes ver um videoclip da
sua canção Escolhas).
Existe um filme (trailer) que se chama "a partilha" e tem como guião a partilha de uma herencia
entre irmãs que estão a morar na casa que devem vender. Também este anúncio comercial (bastante
engraçado) pretende mostrar as soluções prácticas que podemos considerar para solucionar os
problemas que aparecem na nossa vida quando partilhamos tudo. Outro anuncio fala da lembrança e
intenção de reconexão com hábitos de partilha do antigamente.
Compartir
Quando procuramos "Compartir", aparecem mais vídeos sugestivos, e muitos mais ainda
relacionados com a infância. Alguns dos vídeos mais actuais, tentam integrar estes dois mundos: o
imaterial adulto e o material infantil. Este é provavelmente o melhor de todos. Experimento
compartir (completo)
Pedagogia explícita com a partilha
As músicas ou montagens de vídeo para crianças (espontaneidade) são feitas por adultos
(racionalidade). Aqui numa tentativa de definir o compartir com lírica reflexiva e com grafia e
música infantis Há mais videos pedagógicos com bastante vontade de ordem social. Este (e outro
similar) e este (muito bom) também são mais uma fotomontagem do mesmo género. Nesta
entrevista seguinte assistimos a uma explicaçao de uma pedagoga sobre a evolução das diferentes
tendências de partilha que encontramos em crianças desde os 0 até os 5 Plaza sésamo é um grande
ícon da pedagogia infantil, e tem vários capítulos que pretendem ensinar a "compartir melhor" de
uma manera bastante racional Destes, saliento um com especial interesse porque aprofunda o
problema do receio a "vai-se estragar se emprestas"
Partilha lírica para crianças com música
Os pimpollos: Provavelmente o video mais ambicioso ou épico de todos... Este, um simpático:
Todos los perros van al cielo: E este pretende desenvolver mais inteligencia de partilha nas crianças
através dum delírio Outras músicas redundantes nesta vibração, como esta À parte das animações
coloridas para crianças, podemos encontrar alguma música coreografiada bastante animada com
pessoas reais. Ou esta música, cheia de instrumentos e mais centrada em compartir para ajudar aos
mais pobres
Partilha adulta em músicas
Os próximos videos comunicam uma vontade de sentir ou viver esse amor que levamos dentro
partilhando, sem estarem associados a uma religião. No próximo é interesante ver como o autor,
além de escolher uma pessoa singular como referência dessa vontade de amar, fala de "quiero
compartir con alguién" Ou este parecido, mas este já mostra "quiero compartir contigo (amarte a
tí)". De outra forma começam a ver-se vídeos mais amadores de músicas de rap ou de intervenção,
tentado mostrar com recursos humildes o conceito da partilha de um modo já bastante naturalizado.
Partilhar amor (corpos)
No partilhar mais interno, a famosa boneca Barbie já dizia que "el amor es para compartir", mas
vamos ver um vídeo que tenta mostrar a possibilidade de poder "partilhar tudo", incluido o corpo
Entrevista a pessoal que vive no poliamor, e que estan a partilhar tudo
Partilha em anuncios comerciais
O conceito da partilha interessa principalmente a empresas da conectividade sejan de
telecomunicaçoes em geral tipo Movistar ("Compartida la vida es mas"), Claro ("Compartilhar"),
Tmobile ("life is for sharing") ou incluso Mastercard ("compartir porque si, no tiene precio"). Este é
mais no tópico da "cadena de favores", mas é fixe e relacionado
Partilha em apresentaçao do projectos
Temos casos de actualidade interesante como estas apresentaçoes de projectos por començar. Este é
ambicioso pero difuso ("o medo de partilhar tudo"), este mais elaborado y claro ("compartilhando
paixoes"). Documentario de uma ruta em bicicleta por la protecçao das sementes criolhas ("projecto
compartilha ciclovida"), ou uma apresentaçao dum "altercambio, compartir es bueno". O conceito
de: "partilha coisas que sejan significativas e utiles para as pessoas, alem de datos da tua vida com
os teus amigos" pode-se ver em videos tambem bem elaborados que como este tenta-nos mostrar o
contexto da palavra "crowdlearning" donde numa entrevista com mais profundidade a uma das
fundadoras nombra-se a "partilha de informaçoes, de ideais, incluso de dinero".
Compartiresvivir.org tenhe um video explicativo moito bom e uma escola marista fiz esta música e
fotomontagem interesante. As redes de partilha de bems físicos construidas a través da internet mais
significativas sao redes de partilha de um tipo de bems específicos só, estando um pouco isoladas
entre elas (sem estar federadas com outras redes de outros tipos de bems ou serviços). Os casos de
este genero mais populares sao, tal vez, as redes de hospitalidade (couchsurfing ou uma versao
partilhosa da organiçaçao promotora da rede: bewelcome, etc) ou as redes de partilha de viagem em
carro (blablacar, sincropool, etc). Outros organizaron uma "sharing week" com um experimento
efímero chamado yocompartiria.com As redes de partilha integral, tipo redes de apoio mutuo,
cooperativismo colectivista ou relacionados nao redifican-se tanto a través da internet, nem senten
de usar o conceito de partilha como eixo central da sua mensagem. Estas redes sao inciativas mais
presenciais para já, por isso nao producen moito video se calhar.
Partilha nas redes sociais
Nas redes sociais online, "partilhar" é parte importante da apresentaçao de quase todas. O
mensagem esta a dizer: "Partilha como usuario datos da tua actividade vital" O simple feito de tu
publicares contiudos na net daz um valor aos mantenedores do serviço. Eles conseguen a
posibilidade de saber quales sao as tuas vontades, e assim, depois poden "partilhar" as tuas coisas
com as grandes companhias de publicidade, as quales precisan de saber das preferencias dos
usuarios para ofrecer productos que tenhen alguma certeza de que a pessoa que está a ver vai estar
de algum jeito interesada no que están a intentar "vender". E por isso que os directivos da majoria
das chamadas redes sociais, nao estan a partelhar contigo o desenvolvimento da aplicaçao (os
softwares nao sao livres). Algumas (facebook, google+, etc) fican com os dereitos de explotaçao
dos contiudos adicionados por ti. Outras como twitter preferen respeitar os teus dereitos sobre o
material adicionado e inda encima animante a que "partilhes" o material livremente (deixar copiar,
redistribuir, etc), porque para eles ja sao suficientes os beneficios adicionais que o seu producto
ganha por a tua acçao de partilhar informaçao com outras pessoas alí. Seguindo lógicas
interesadamente comerciais, estanse a criar outras redes sociais privativas tipo 6yx ou rippln onde
como utilizador vas a conseguir puntos por "partilhar o teu contiudo" que logo poderas trocar para
conseguir recursos materiais concretos.
Partilha em projectos globais
A um nivel global, a "partilha" trata-se moito a volta das creaçoes digitais. Por exemplo, em videos
promocianais a volta de "sharing ideas". Ou em apresentaçoes de projectos ja a funcionar para
partilhar obras digitais com as creative commons, onde falan de definir uma "shared culture" ou na
cultura livre. Ha outros sites com videos como no ouishare fest, este é duma oficina que tenta
definir "sharing economy" Aqui um video intro valente de peers.org A compartiva (shareful), que
ainda não començou a ser implementado interactivamente mas tenhe moito avançado, mas a um
nivel mais práctico, tentando implementar estandares parecidos aos das creative commons, mas
dirigidos para a "condiçoes e maneras para facilitar a partilha de todos os objetos" Podes (eu vou a
:) continuar a procurar videos mais específicos onde se mostre o "partilhar" como o seu mensagem
central em material audiovisual. Se queres seguir a procura, recomendo visitares a categoria de
audiovideos da wiki ou contacta conmigo, e vamos lá partilhar mais alguma coisa. beijo, ate já




FULL OFFERING


who for
for everyone
(not) x
affinity
               Personal
                          x family
                          x territory
                          x being
                                        me
                                        tall
                                        straight gay
               Close
                          x trust
                                        x evil code
                                        x escrow
                                        x grantor
                          x culture
                                        latin
                                        spanish
                                        speaker
                                        portunhol
                                        understandi
                                        ng
                          x friend
                                        friend of
                                        friends
                                        friend of
                                        friend of
                                        friend
                                        mate and
                                        knowns
               Related
                          x theory
                                        having done
                                        x test
                                        x trend
                                        follower
                                        x ideology
                          x habits
                                        flovely
                                        doing
                                                       all shareful
                                                       all freed
                                                       free
                                                       culuture
                                        x regular
                                        activities
                                                       vegan
                                                       vegetarian
                                                       freegan
                                        x past doing
                          x status
                                        member of
                                                    x group
                                                    x certified
                                                    knowledge
                                                    having x
                                                    experience
       (not) being
                     present
                     notified
                     mediating
                                     in x
                                     cirscunstanc
                                     es
                                     arbitrating
                                                    escrow1
                                                    escrow2
                                                    notary
                                     other
                                     offerors
                                                    offeror2
                                                    contact
                                                    offeror3
                                                    contact
                                                    offeror4
                                                    contact
       maximum -
       minimum
                     initial users
                     concurrent
                     users
                     total users
what
       useful
                     gift
                                     donation
                                     freed
                                     for fff
                                                    freeding it
                                                    shareful
                                                    mediating
                                                    doin
                                                    exchange
                                     for x
                                                    person
                                                                  favorite
                                                                  related
                                                                  random
                                                    cause
                                                                  my projects
                                                                  x project
                                                                  viral
                                                                  exchange
                                                    (.)random
         sharing
                    bring back
                    uppon
                    request
                                  in x time
                                  after use
                                  notes
                    open to
                    receive you
                                  as mediator
                                                  very much
                                                  escrow
                                                  settler
                                  as owner
                                                  favor
                                                  favor chain
                                                  other
                                  cautious
                                                  need some
                                                  previous
                                                  personal
                                                  contact
                                                  warning
                                                  about
                                                  posible
                                                  undelivering
                                                                 need to not
                                                                 replying to
                                                                 requests
                                                                 unsure
                                                                 about
                                                                 personal
                                                                 responsabili
                                                                 ties
                                                                 uncertain
                                                                 about
                                                                 sharing it
                                                  need more
                                                  trust
         exchange
                    price
                    hours
                    faircoin
                    other
                                  local
                                  fiat
                                  direct barter
                                  only
                                                  viral
object
         type
                    tags
                                                pack
                                                                 all
                                                                 all unless
                                                                 most of all
                   title
                   description
      additional
      info
                   mind about
                                 ease of use
                                 instructions
                                 safety use
                                 instructions
                                 posible
                                 future
                                 happenings
                                                it is for sale
                                                it can be lost
                                                doesn't
                                                work on
                                                rain
                   wills
                                 add profile
                                 values
                                 add projects
                                 add x
                                 projects /
                                 values
                   metadata
                                 show icons
                                 show
                                 adjectives
                                 hide
                                 metadata
                                 invitation
                                 type
                                                default
                                                extended
                                                more
how
      what for
                   only for
                                 for whatever
                                 for
                                 developing
                                 wills
                                 for more
                                 shareful
                                 for
                                 improving
                                 the thing
                   not for
                           non shareful
                           uses
                           being
                           modified
                           commercial
                           uses
           (don't) bring
           x
use cost
           free
           need
                           grant
                           donate
                           getting
           supply type
                           ammount
                                          x quantity
                                          some
                                          if having
                           resource
                                          time
                                          currency
                                                          social
                                                          crypto
                                                          conventiona
                                                          l
                                          x good /
                                          service
                                                          some
                                                                        freed
                                                                        shareful
                                                                        all
                                                                                        all freed
                                                                                        all shareful
                                                                                        all flove
                                                          same
                                                                        same later
                                                                        same less
                                                                        later
                                                                        same more
                                                                        later
                                                          similar
                                                                        similar later
                                                                        similar less
                                                                        later
                                                                        similar more
                                                                        later
                           bidding
                                          first-picking
                                          higher bid
                                          lower bid
           publish use
                     experience
        caring
                     give x
                     contact
                                   in x place
                                                   contact
                                                   through x
                                                   network
                                                   previous
                                                   virtual
                                                   meeting in x
                                                   previous
                                                   presential
                                                   meeting in x
                                   publish use
                                   publish your
                                   contact
                     accidental
                     damages
                     compensatio
                     n
                                   compensate
                                   as posible
                                   x
                                   compensatio
                                   n
                                   don't
                                   compensate
                                   damages
                                   will end use
                                                   will end
                                                   offer
                     Settling
                                   cheers
                                   more - less
                                   future - past
                                   matter
                                                   use - offer
                                                   similar -
                                                   different
                                                                   invitings
                                                                   objects
                                                                   relation
                                                   lovely - less
                                                   lovely
where
        everywhere
        ACTUAL
        LOCATION
        moveable
        within
        not
               moveable
clauses
conditioners
               ...
               If
                              x pre-
                              condition
                              x person
                              x post-
                              happening
               ....
                              preferently
                              probably
                                            surely
                                            maybe
                                            posibly
                              scheduling
                                            often
                                            during x
                                                         sometimes
                                            x later
               viewable by
                              all
                              some
                              none
when
               anytime
               maximum -
               minimum
               time
                              total
                                            ephimer
                                            thing
                                            left in
                                            shareful
                                            heritage
                              per session
                                            x interval
                              per user
                              urgent
               (not) during
                              timing 1
                              timing 2
                              timing 3
               reservation
               needed
ANOTHER SHAREFUL FORM


ANYTIME
          AVAILABL
          E TIME
                        CALENDA
                        R
                        maximum -
                        minimum
                                      INPUT
                                      FIELD
                                      NUMERIC
                                      FIELD
                                                    hours
                                                    days
                                                    months
                                                    +
                                                                  seconds
                                                                  minutes
                                                                  years
                                      ...
                                                    TOTAL
                                                    per session
                                                                  x interval
                                                    per user
                        reservation
                        needed
          if (certain
          event)
                        INITIAL
                        THRESHO
                        LD
                                      NUMERIC
                                      FIELD
                                      scheduled
                                      users
                                      concurrent
                                      users
                                      total users
                        certain
                        happenings
                                      i.e. when
                                      someone's
                                      birthday,
                                      when a TV
                                      will be on,
                                      etc
                                      INPUT
                                      FIELD
                   external
                   conditions
                   (that could
                   not happen)
                                  i.e. if it
                                  rains, if
                                  certain team
                                  wins some
                                  match, etc
                                  INPUT
                                  TEXT
          +
                   eternally
                                  left in
                                  shareful
                                  heritage
                                                 with default
                                                 cost for
                                                 offeror
FOR
EVERYON
E
          MEMBER
          OF
                   INPUT
                   TEXT
                   select lists
                                  group1
                                  group2
                                  group3
                   my friends
                                  select lists
                                                 favourites1
                                                 favourites2
                                                 favourites3
                                  +
                                                 AND
                                                 MATES
                                                                INPUT
                                                                TEXT
                                                                select lists
                                                                               favourites1
                                                                               favourites2
                                                                               favourites3
                                                                of
                                                                               INPUT
                                                                               TEXT
                                                                               select lists
                                                                                              favourites1
                                                                                              favourites2
                                                                                              favourites3
                                                 and known
                                                  of
                                                             INPUT
                                                             TEXT
                                                             select lists
                                                                            favourite1
                                                                            favourite2
                                                                            favourite3
                                    and friends
                                    of friends
                                                  +
                                                             friend of
                                                             friend of
                                                             friend
           my family
           +
behaving
           INPUT
           FIELD
           highly
           flovin
                       INPUT
                       TEXT
                       ALL
                       FREED
                       QUITE
                       FREED
                       ALL
                       SHAREFU
                       L
                       QUITE
                       SHAREFU
                       L
                       +
                                    ECOLOGIC
                                    LOVER
                                    WILL
                                    WISE
                                    +
                                                  BE
                                                  TRUSTFUL
                                                  FREE
           never
           harming
+
           BRING
                       INPUT
                       TEXT
                       First-time
                       user
                                    First time
                                    sharefuling
           WHO
HAVE
         INPUT
         TEXT
         DONE
                      INPUT
                      TEXT
         experience
         in
                      INPUT
                      TEXT
                      USING
                                 INPUT
                                 TEXT
                                 SUCH
                                 THINGS
                                 similar
                                 things
                      SHAREFU
                      L
                                 INPUT
                                 TEXT
                                 AS
                                 OWNER
                                 as user
                      +
                                 freed
                                 floven
         knowledge
         in
                      INPUT
                      TEXT
who is
         INPUT
         TEXT
         habitually
                      INPUT
                      TEXT
                      BELIEVIN
                      G IN
                                 INPUT
                                 TEXT
                                 (this ideas)
                                                INPUT
                                                TEXT
                                 (this
                                 political
                                 party)
                                                INPUT
                                                TEXT
                                 (this trend)
                                                INPUT
                                                TEXT
                                            shareful
                                            +
                                                       FOOTPRIN
                                                       T
                                                       SUPPLIER
                                                       vegetarian
                                                                     vegan
                                                       +
                              from
                                            INPUT
                                            TEXT
                                                       territory,
                                                       town,
                                                       region,
                                                       country
                                            (this
                                            culture)
                                                       INPUT
                                                       TEXT
                                                       latin
                                                       spanish
                                                       speaker
                                                       portunhol
                                                       understandi
                                                       ng
                              phisically
                                            INPUT
                                            TEXT
                                            strong
                                            fit
                                            +
                              now
                                            INPUT
                                            TEXT
                                                       i.e drunk,
                                                       naked, etc
                   who will
                              INPUT
                              TEXT
THIS
THING
        TITLE
        TYPE
                   DESCRIPT
                   ON
                   tags
                   pack
                              all
                              all unless
                              most of all
        LOCATION
IS
for bringing
back
               uppon
               request
               (TIMING)
                             after use
                             with a
                             maximum
                             delay of
                                             INPUT
                                             TEXT
               (moveabilit
               y)
                             to be left in
                                             INPUT
                                             TEXT
                                                            certain
                                                            places
                             moveable
                             within
                                             INPUT
                                             TEXT
                                                            boundary,
                                                            city-town,
                                                            etc
                                             house
                             not
                             moveable
               +
costing
               supply
                             (shareful
                             resource)
                                             INPUT
                                             TEXT
                                             time
                                             Shaori
                                                            social
                                                            crypto
                                                            conventiona
                                                            l
                             (ammount)
                                             NUMERIC
                                             FIELD
                                             some
                                             if having
                             as
                                             grant
                                             operational
                                             requirement
                                             s
                                             contribution
                      price
                                     bidding
                                                    higher bid
                                                    lottery
                                                    first free
                                                    contribution
                                     faircoin
                                     flovin
                      investing it
                      in
                                     x projects
                                     in the thing
                                     your
                                     shareful
                                     things
         a gift
                      FREED
                                     for fff
                                                    freeding it
                                                    shareful
                                                    mediating
                                                    doin
                                                    exchange
                      for x person
                                     myself
                                     related
                                                    friend
                                                    favorite
                                                    random
                                     newcomer
                      for users
                                     INPUT
                                     TEXT
                                     NUMERIC
                                     FIELD
                                     also get
                                                    INPUT
                                                    TEXT
                                                    another
                                                    thing
                                                    a certificate
                                                                    in writing
                                                                    binding
                                                                    crypto
CARING
         give
         sufficient
         contact
                      in (certain
                      place)
                                     contact
                                     through x
            network
                           give evil
                           code
            previous
            virtual
            meeting in x
            previous
            presential
            meeting in x
(someone)
being
            INPUT
            TEXT
            told
                           notified
                           contacted
                           (certain
                           time) in
                           advance
                                       INPUT
                                       TEXT
                                                      i.e. 2 hours,
                                                      2 days, etc
                                       INPUT
                                       TEXT
                                                      i.e. by
                                                      phone, mail,
                                                      talk, etc
            near
                           INPUT
                           FIELD
                           mediating
                                       escrow
                                       settler
                                       arbitrating
                                                      escrow1
                                                      escrow2
                                                      notary
                           present
                                       watching
                                       concurrently
                                       using
tell
            about this
            offer to
            anyone
            asking to
            you about
            the thing
            ABOUT
            THE
            OFFER TO
                      EVERYON
                      E BEING
                      ANY
                      CURIOUS
                      ABOUT
                      THE
                      THING
                      attribution
                      publish
                                    (where)
                                                   INPUT
                                                   FIELD
                                                   here (in this
                                                   platform)
                                    (what)
                                                   request
                                                   use purpose
                                                   use
                                                   user
                                                   comment
                                                   your contact
                      something
accidental
damages
             caused
                      should
                                    be
                                    compensate
                                    d as posible
                                                   ALSO
                                                   WITH
                                                                   INPUT
                                                                   TEXT
                                                   repairing
                                                   the thing
                                                   improviing
                                                   any owner's
                                                   offers
                                                   improving
                                                   any of
                                                   owner's
                                                   things
                                                   +
                                                                   doing more
                                                                   of the same
                                                                   damage
                                                                                 to your
                                                                                 things
                                                                                 to the thing
                                                                                 to someone
                                                                                 else's thing
                                    not be
                                          compensate
                                          d
                             will end
                                          (what)
                                                       use
                                                       offer
                                                       offers
                                          (for who)
                                                       you
                                                       all
                                          (during)
                                                       INPUT
                                                       TEXT
                                                       some time
                                                       forever
                                          INPUT
                                          TEXT
              +
                             caused in
                             the past
                             should be
                             taken into
                             account if
                                          INPUT
                                          TEXT
                                          to
                                                       owner's
                                                                      INPUT
                                                                      TEXT
                                                                      offers
                                                                      things
                                                       the thing
                                                       any offer
                                                       any similar
                                                       thing
                                                       any thing
                                          (time)
                                                       recently
                                                       reincidently
                                                       many times
disputes to
be settled
              by the more
              lovely one
              who
              more - less
              future - now
              - past
              use - offer
              similar -
              different
                             invitings
                                     things
                                     relation
                      INPUT
                      TEXT
USEFUL
         for every
         purpose
         FOR
                      INPUT
                      TEXT
                      ENDORSE
                      D USES
                      spreading
                      flove
                      +
                                     for (certain)
                                     purposes
                                     for (certain)
                                     functional
                                     purposes
                                     odd
                                     purposes
                                                     evil
                                                     purposes
                                                                being anti-
                                                                shareful
                                                                causing
                                                                damages to
                                                                the thing
                                                                disturbing
                                                                people
         not for
                      INPUT
                      FIELD
                      (certain)
                      modificatio
                      ns
                      commercial
                      use
                      not lovely
                      use
CHEERS
         additional
         info
         mind about
                      ease of use
                      instructions
                      safety use
                      instructions
                      posible
                      future
                      happenings
                             it is for sale
                             it can be lost
                             doesn't
                             work on
                             rain
warnings
               i am not
               sure about
               posible
               liabilities
               i am not
               used to
               sharing
               much yet
               i may not
               reply
conditioners
               can be very
               influenced
               by
                             so its
                             invitation
                             text should
                             be somehow
                             highlighted
                             CAN BE
                             OVERWRI
                             TTEN
                                              and then
                                                         keep
                                                         considering
                                                         it all a
                                                         shareful
                                                         invitation
                                                         considering
                                                         it all a
                                                         sharing
                                                         invitation
                                                         (and not
                                                         shareful)
                             SHOULD
                             HAVE AN
                             ADDITION
                             AL INPUT
                             TEXT
                             FIELD FOR
                             ADDING
                             NOTES TO
                             IT
                             additional
                             conditioners
                                              PROBABL
                            Y
                                          very helpful
                                          for
                                          encouraging
                                          owners to
                                          add clauses
                                          without
                                          themselves
                                          feeling too
                                          restrictive
                                          maybe
                                          posibly
                                          surely
                            preferently
                                          this is a
                                          very key
                                          conditioner
                                          for
                                          developing
                                          sharefulness
                                          with some
                                          clauses
                            scheduling
                                          often
                                          sometimes
                                          during x
                                          x later
                            If
                                          x pre-
                                          condition
                                          x fact
                                          x post-
                                          happening
                            +
           viewable by
                            all
                            some
                            none
CAN BE
PHRASED
NEGATIVE
LY
           i.e. available
           in sundays,
           available
           NOT in
           sundays
can be
multiply
added
           i.e. shareful:
           available on
                              the
                              weekdays
                              "and"
                              available on
                              weekends
                              "for my
                              friends"
                              "often"
                              "preferently
                              "
GO
     publish
               in x
               platform (if
               logged in)
                              invitation
                              type
                                             default
                                             simple
                                             extended
                                                          hide
                                                          metadata
                                                          show
                                                          adjectives
                                                          show icons
                              visibility
                                             public
                                             semipublic
                                             private
                              notify to

               schedule
               publishing
                              publish ad
                              in x date
                              ad expires
                              in x date
                              ad will be
                              published if
                                             x likes
                                             x inputs
                                             x ori
               in other
               platforms
                              confirm
                              your mail
                              for
                              publishing
                              url
                              in some
                              agents url
                              in social
                       networks
                       and blogs
send
         confirm
         your mail
         for sending
         send to x
         mail
         send to
         someone
         random
save
         save draft
         print
         save as pdf
README
         CORE
         secondary
         core
                       add them all
                       in on click
                       it can be
                       shown as
                                      (html
                                      title="")
                                      little text
                                      etc
         MAIN
         OPTIONS
         secondary
         options
         +
                       click to
                       display
                       another
                       interface
         ...
                       information
                       al hint
                                      displayed as
                                                     popup
                                                     link
                                                     default text
                                                     in input
                                                     field
                                                     html title=""
                                      what this
                                      hinting for?
                                                     it's key at
                                                     some
                                                     options for
                                                     knowing
                                                                        some more
                                                                        info about
                                                                        them before
                                                                        choosing
                                                                        them or not
                                                                                      that's why it
                                                                                      shouldn't be
                                                                                      abused or
                                                                                      display the
                                                                                      key ones
                                                                                      bigger
                                                                        extending
                                                                        the options
                                                                        of the form
                                                                        itself
                                        (content in
                                        brackets like
                                        this)
                                                        can be
                                                        shown in
                                                        the form,
                                                        but not to be
                                                        shown in
                                                        the
                                                        invitation
                                                        final display
                                        italic teext
                                                        posible
                                                        feature
                                                        POSIBLE
                                                        FEATURE




(FLOVE)CHAIN
Lovely exchange


WHY
Better markets and jobs
We need market spaces to be the better connected to our profiles and to our social projects. Seller
could declare many varied things (s)he would like to buy and others buying his/her products by
directly contributing to the want they more like from the seller. Things can be sold with levys for a
cause. We work happier if we match with the inmaterial interests of the employer too.
WHAT
Flovens meritocratic currency
Acknowledged peaks management within the flove network
Exposing data types ranks transparents design & analitics
The more a user could access (display and share as wanted) his-her Activity statistics, the better.
The more valueable (higher ranked) data added, the better.
The more the system could incentivate (reward) adding of valueable data, the better.
The more the rewards come in a material form, from the closer person with the highest social
impact too, the better.
= Let’s get to suggest and have rewards suggestions for doing the lovelier actions, the better ranked
(and rewarded) by us, our closer friends and analisers.


HOW
Customize(d) favors chain andor smart jobs oracle (Universal Incomes as packs…)
Tokens is a way to label some valueable adding to the system. Badges are a certain ammount/type
of tokens. See more: DAOs, free wages at free project standard, etc).
Flove.org network activity is a nonfungible merit-currency that you can also forward to others,
without decreasing your total ammount of them, so these sold flovens shouldn’t imply a risk for the
system and it should be the users themselves the ones who give the value to them, in the top of what
crypto exchanges would say.
For example: It has more merit for you within the system to accept some hours from someone to
you, than his-her $ converted in flovens to be given to you. By receiving those flovens you get some
merit-flovens (less than the received ones) and they go into a paralel account of yours. Everyone is
free to offer you any $ for anything you own, including your flovens, while these-your reputatonal
activity can’t be erased. The freedom for negotiating the value of the exchange remains.
Furthermore, we could specify a flovens universal fungibility with (material) time (i.e. Hours). This
token called Flove Hours can be further limited (a priori) to certain activities only, i.e. Essential
Hours, TrueLove Hours, ..
